now my full project and all pages, tabs, components, buttons, input boxes, and text in dark-light ui, more icons and a more user-friendly modern style

Now, create a good-looking loading page for my project, and then welcome page

Now, add a loading screen for my project, and then create an auth flow for my project

Now, create a good-looking loading page, and then a welcome page, and all auth pages

Now my full project and all pages, tabs, components, buttons, input boxes, and text will be fully responsive on all screen sizes.

The loading is still loading, not going to the welcome page. What happened? This issue has occurred repeatedly. Please fix it permanently.

See the image, and then, like that on the Contacts page, the Contacts table should be fully responsive on all screen sizes. Please add both a vertical scroll bar and a horizontal scroll bar.

Now implement Firebase for the auth flow and storage for my codebase
{
  "apiKey": "AIzaSyAZYzNlpWNQVHMN1_R3_XEh2W4_mDWyJmw",
  "authDomain": "studio-3226400778-b5249.firebaseapp.com",
  "projectId": "studio-3226400778-b5249",
  "storageBucket": "studio-3226400778-b5249.appspot.com",
  "messagingSenderId": "749960864381",
  "appId": "1:749960864381:web:8d56f877c29d28d7a20714"
}

So now, when the user logs in and signs up completely, create a session or cookie or local storage for the user so next time this user comes so he automatically logs in and signs up. 


Now give me SQL code for inserting User Profiles, contacts.

    "database_url": "postgresql://postgres.woqnlgszvkqxaqabtqfv:[YOUR-PASSWORD]@aws-1-ap-south-1.pooler.supabase.com:6543/postgres",
    "database_host": "aws-1-ap-south-1.pooler.supabase.com",
    "database_port": 6543,
    "database_name": "postgres",
    "database_user": "postgres.woqnlgszvkqxaqabtqfv",
    "database_password": "njAbg1RUZSaXh8vO",


Now implement Superbase for the auth flow and storage for my codebase

SUPABASE_URL=https://woqnlgszvkqxaqabtqfv.supabase.co
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6IndvcW5sZ3N6dmtxeGFxYWJ0cWZ2Iiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE3NjEzMTM4ODYsImV4cCI6MjA3Njg4OTg4Nn0.DpePQML323-gdbbPxidrq-up8PXeBdXlG_8AtcIMW0o

Now check all files in my codebase and break all files into pages, components, utilities, services, hooks, contexts, etc



Now the sidebar is the height of the screen and scrollable

Also, all texts will be in dark-light theme

Please read the files and folders thoroughly to learn about Genkit in JavaScript. After that, implement it correctly into my codebase and make the necessary modifications. Take the time to understand and analyze the material deeply. Once you have a good grasp of it, break your tasks into smaller parts and create a plan in the @genkit.md file.

in my codebase find all console statements and remove all console statements and replace with logger statements and then modify my codebase  , Learn, understand, and analyse this deeply, and then break your tasks into smaller tasks and  then create a plan here @logger.md 

Please proceed with modifying my codebase as planned, as  check all Progress Tracker and all Checkboxes, and if all tasks are completed, then fill all checkboxes one by one, Learn, understand, and analyse this deeply, and then break your tasks into smaller tasks.

read my codebase @Laravel  and then thick about this app create in django python codebase , create Progress Tracker and all Checkboxs Learn, understand, and analyse this deeply, and then break your tasks into smaller tasks so make a plan in  @structure.md 

how many pages in my codebase

read all pages in my codebase and then thick about this app create in django python codebase , create Progress Tracker and all Checkboxs Learn, understand, and analyse this deeply, and then break your tasks into smaller tasks so make a plan in  @pages.md 

how many flows in my codebase

read all flows in my codebase and then thick about this app create in django python codebase , create Progress Tracker and all Checkboxs Learn, understand, and analyse this deeply, and then break your tasks into smaller tasks so make a plan in  @flows.md 




















































































Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all the screens with all integrations and all components and all functions and all assets and how the screens are connected or the pathway of screen to create this app named "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all the pages with all integrations and all components and all functions and all assets and how the pages are connected or the pathway of screen to create this app named "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all the plans to create this app named "prbal".

refreactor my whole flutter app named 'prbal' app to complete my app run and mantained the file readme.md 

read my flutter codebase that name 'prbal' and edit or refractor as my prompts  and mantained the file readme.md 

read the terminal ther are errors to completly solved  my app step by step and then finally the run the app

Can you give me a blueprint for this plan in creating an app flutter, and how I integrate this plan in this app.

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all the plans to create this app named "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all the screens and how the screens are connected or the pathway of screen to create this app named "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all the pages and how the pages are connected or the pathway of screen to create this app named "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all the screens with all integrations and all components and all functions and all assets and how the screens are connected or the pathway of screen to create this app named "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all the pages with all integrations and all components and all functions and all assets and how the pages are connected or the pathway of screen to create this app named "prbal".

update my codebase


Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief file Structure to make this project whose name is "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a prompts to make this project whose name is "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me  only one prompt to make this project whose name is "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me only one prompt to create this project named is "prbal" with his full deeply analyze . prompt start with "Build a mobile app that ..."

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every screen and how all screens are well-connected or pathways of screens to make this application whose name is "prbal".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then for this business model give me brief plans to make this application for every plan to define every integration to define every Components to define every Functions to define every Assets.

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all pages for this Onboarding Screen with every page's UI showing all defined all suggestion integrations and all suggestion components and also all suggestion functions and also all suggestion assets with his full configuration and app name is "prbal"

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all pages for this Onboarding Screen with every page's UI showing all defined all suggestion integrations and all suggestion components and also all suggestion functions and also all suggestion assets with his full configuration and app name is "prbal"

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all screens for this business model with every screen's UI shows all components suggestion component

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me all pages for this Home Screen with every page's UI showing all components suggestion component

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me brief plans to make this application for every plan to define every integration to define every Components to define every Functions to define every Assets . start creating login to chat response with his full configuration and app name is "budgtai"

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every plan to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every integration to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every Components to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every Suggestions for Improvement to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every Assets to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every pages and how all pages are well-connected or pathways of pages to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every Technology Stack to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every Additional Insights and Clarifications to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every Potential Issues and Suggestions to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every Scalability and Extensibility to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every How It Works in Practice to make this application which name is "budgtai".

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then give me a brief on every Why This Implementation Stands Out to make this application which name is "budgtai".





so in-app 'prbal' there are 4 tabs
1. The dashboard tab designed like it every reads unread SMS and tracks all Transaction and updated the exist statement it add then shows in dashboard see in progress bar and when new Transactions are added statement it has two buttons yes or no
2. also add a tab to show all SMS in mobile and all SMS are converted to Transactions tracks all statement see in progress bar and when new Transactions add in statement it two buttons yes or no also read SMS in mobile to read credit or debit details to read salary also read every day spends every where and saved every spend saved in mongodb by Ai in refractor flutter that named 'prbal'  and mantained the file readme.md also read SMS in mobile to read credit or debit details analysis by AI openrouter model to read salary also read every day spends everywhere and saved every spend saved in mongodb


To integrate OpenRouter's free models into your flutter app "prbal" and add a dropdown for selecting free models in the settings page, follow this implementation plan using the provided knowledge base:

---

### 1. Fetch Free Models from OpenRouter API
Use the OpenRouter `/models` endpoint to list all models and filter for free ones [[2]][[8]]:  
```javascript
// services/openrouter.js
import { OpenAI } from 'openai';


export async function fetchFreeModels() {
  try {
    const response = await openai.models.list(); // GET /models [[2]]
    // Filter free models (e.g., those with ":free" suffix or price=0)
    return response.data.filter(model => 
      model.id.includes('a83bb7e3-efba-48f0-bba8-b512dfb8e1160
    );
  } catch (error) {
    console.error("Failed to fetch models:", error);
    return [];
  }
}
```

---

### 2. Settings Page UI with Model Dropdown
Create a `SettingsScreen` with a dropdown to select models using `react-native-dropdown-picker` [[6]]:  
```javascript
// screens/SettingsScreen.js
import React, { useState, useEffect } from 'react';
import { View, Text } from 'react-native';
import DropDownPicker from 'react-native-dropdown-picker';
import { fetchFreeModels } from '../services/openrouter';

const SettingsScreen = () => {
  const [models, setModels] = useState([]);
  const [selectedModel, setSelectedModel] = useState(null);

  useEffect(() => {
    // Fetch and format models on load
    fetchFreeModels().then(fetchedModels => {
      setModels(fetchedModels.map(model => ({
        label: model.name || model.id,
        value: model.id,
      })));
    });
  }, []);

  return (
    <View>
      <Text>Select Free Model:</Text>
      <DropDownPicker
        items={models}
        value={selectedModel}
        onChangeItem={item => setSelectedModel(item.value)}
        placeholder="Choose a model"
      />
    </View>
  );
};

export default SettingsScreen;
```

---

### 3. Use Selected Model in AI Requests
Pass the selected model ID to your AI service [[1]][[5]]:  
```javascript
// services/ai.js
import { OpenAI } from 'openai';


export async function getAIResponse(prompt, selectedModel) {
  const completion = await openai.chat.completions.create({
    model: selectedModel, // Use the user-selected model
    messages: [{ role: 'user', content: prompt }],
  });
  return completion.choices[0].message.content;
}
```

---

### 4. Key Implementation Notes
- Free Model Filtering:  
  OpenRouter labels free models with suffixes like `:free` (e.g., `google/gemini-2.0-flash-lite-preview-02-05:free`) [[7]][[8]].  
- Error Handling:  
  Add loading states and error messages for network failures [[9]].  
- Persistent Storage:  
  Save the selected model to `AsyncStorage` to persist user preferences [[4]].  

---

### 5. durgas Workflow
1. Settings Page: User selects a free model (e.g., `google/gemini-2.0-flash-lite`).  
2. AI Interaction: The selected model is used for all chat/completion requests [[5]][[6]].  

By integrating this dropdown, "prbal" users can dynamically choose free OpenRouter models for budgeting insights while minimizing costs.
3. also, add a tab to show calendar to show how daily and monthly total spending and how much to spend exits or when it is good to give me suggestions by ai by r reading by spends by Ai in refractor flutter that named 'prbal'  and maintained the file 
4.  for the settings tab

yes go ahead ilike your plan can you continue your work

Read all the above and previous prompts and their answers, then 

then edit my flutter app "prbal"

for Provider there are 4 tabs:-
1. dashboard for design for all services list its sub catagory also showned as box  and serch bar go to explore page and all news or his calender for services and  provider 
2. explore screen for map view provide serch taker's services with all filters and list all services list in map in real time
3. provides all list all pending , onboarding , completed services and bookings
4. settings page for providers profile and user and servicers and app settings configation
for Taker there are 4 tabs:-
1. dashboard for design for all services list its sub catagory also showned as box  and serch bar go to explore page and all news or recent services and discounted prices for any servics we promote
2. explore screen for map view taker serch taker's services with all filters and list all services list in map in real time
3. takers all list all pending , onboarding , completed services and bookings
4. settings page for takers profile and user and servicers and app settings configation


For Provider, there are 4 tabs:-
1. Dashboard for design for all services lists its subcategory, also shown as a box, and a search bar, go to the  explore page, and all news or his calendar for services and providers 
2. Explore screen for map view, provides search taker's services with all filters and lists all services in the map in real time
3. provides a list of all pending, onboarding, completed services and bookings
4. settings page for providers' profiles, users, services and app settings configuration                   
For Taker, there are 4 tabs:-
1. Dashboard for design for all services lists its subcategory, also shown as a box  and search bar, go to the explore page, and all news, recent services, and discounted prices for any services we promote
2. Explore screen for the map view, taker a search taker's post services with all filters, and list all services on the map in real time
3. takers all list all pending, onboarding, completed services and bookings
4. Settings page for takers' profile, user, servicers, and app settings configuration


read my flutter codebase that name 'prbal' and give one line for every dart file for what's reqiurement of this flutter app "prbal' project

read my flutter codebase that name 'prbal' and give one line for every files in android folder for what's reqiurement of this flutter app "prbal' project

read my flutter codebase that name 'prbal' and give one line for every dart file for what's reqiurement of this proect

read my flutter codebase that name 'prbal' and then

give all screens required in this flutter app "prbal"

give all Navigation Flow required in this flutter app "prbal"

flutter analyze . then edit my flutter app "prbal"

then edit my flutter app "prbal"

yes go ahead ilike your plan can you continue your work and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

yes go ahead ilike your plan can you continue your work and then edit my flutter app "prbal" and  then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow

learn and understand and analysis for 100 dart files

learn and understand and analysis this in deeply and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis my flutter android app "prbal" in deeply

learn and understand and analysis my flutter android app "prbal" in deeply in model foldes all models and give me a description requirement description for each model in the prbal Flutter app

now stored in cacheBox a intro_watched variable when the app start if it is fasle after splash screen go to onboarding and if it is true after splash screen go to welcome page learn and understand and analysis this deeply thick edit my flutter app "prbal"

when my app start it start with splash screen where all pre required load or await or asyn do here and then start the app and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis this files deeply and thick to solved and edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis this deeply to solved and edit my flutter app "prbal"

give me full system architecture and flow and give me all the screens with all integrations and all components and all functions and all assets and how the screens are connected or the pathway of screen  start this project give steps and commands and prompts to complete the project named "prbal" and also give full file structure

thick to solved and edit my flutter app "prbal"

Read every line and solve every problem. Can you do it for me

thick to solved and enhancemented my flutter app "prbal"

now learn and understand and analysis this thick deeply to edit my flutter app "prbal"

yes go ahead ilike your plan can you continue your work

Clean architecture and learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Testing Infrastructure learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

State management using BLoC pattern learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Comprehensive error handling learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Multi-language support learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Theme customization learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Modular components learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Firebase integration learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Local storage with Hive learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Dependency injection learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Data Model Improvements learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Firebase Security Rules Enhancement learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Authentication Enhancements learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Performance Optimizations learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Error Handling Improvements learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Service Provider Features  learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

UI/UX Improvements  learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Analytics and Monitoring learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Localization Enhancements learn and understand and analysis this then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

Analyze the state management setuplearn and understand and analysis my flutter android app "prbal" in deeply

Review the UI/UX implementationlearn and understand and analysis my flutter android app "prbal" in deeply

Check the Firebase integrationlearn and understand and analysis my flutter android app "prbal" in deeply

Authentication flow implementation
Service state management
Booking system state management
Search and filter implementation
Location services integration

Database structure and queries
Notification system
File storage implementation
Security measures

 explore page , profile , notification

now design Splash Screen in dark-light ui more icon and more user friendly modern style

   ├── Splash Screen
   │   ├── Language Selection (if needed)
   │   ├── Onboarding (if first time)
   │   └── Authentication (if not logged in)
   │
   ├── Authentication
   │   ├── Welcome
   │   ├── User Type Selection
   │   ├── Login/Signup
   │   ├── Phone Verification
   │   └── OTP Verification
   │
   └── Dashboard App
       ├── Home
       ├── Explore
       ├── Jobs
       └── Settings

       
   App Launch
   ├── Splash Screen
   │   ├── Service Initialization
   │   └── Module Loading
   │
   ├── Authentication Flow
   │   ├── Login/Signup
   │   ├── OTP Verification
   │   └── Profile Setup
   │
   ├── Main Flow
   │   ├── Home Screen
   │   │   ├── Service Categories
   │   │   └── Featured Services
   │   │
   │   ├── Service Flow
   │   │   ├── Service Listing
   │   │   ├── Service Details
   │   │   └── Service Provider Profile
   │   │
   │   ├── Booking Flow
   │   │   ├── Schedule Selection
   │   │   ├── Booking Confirmation
   │   │   └── Payment Processing
   │   │
   │   ├── Chat Flow
   │   │   ├── Conversations List
   │   │   └── Chat Screen
   │   │
   │   └── Profile Flow
   │       ├── User Profile
   │       ├── Settings
   │       └── Notifications
   │
   └── Background Operations
       ├── Push Notifications
       ├── Data Synchronization
       └── Analytics Tracking

       
Code Quality
Clean Architecture: Clear separation between data, domain, and presentation
Immutable Models: With copyWith methods for state manipulation
Comprehensive Error Handling: Throughout the application
Dependency Injection: Via Riverpod providers
Code Reusability: Shared widgets and utility functions

Implement proper error boundaries
Add analytics tracking
Improve performance monitoring
Add caching strategies
Implement proper state persistence
Add unit and widget tests
Add error boundaries with analytics integration
Implement crash reporting
Add real-time monitoring dashboard
Set up performance alerts
Add A/B testing capabilities
Implement user feedback collection
Add more custom components:
Dropdown menu
Search bar
Bottom sheet
Modal dialogs
Progress indicators
Enhance animations:
Page transitions
List item animations
Scroll effects
Shared element transitions
Improve accessibility:
Screen reader support
High contrast mode
Dynamic text sizing
Keyboard navigation
Add gesture support:
Pull to refresh
Swipe actions
Double tap
Long press menus

Add proper loading states throughout the app for better user feedback
Implement proper form validation with comprehensive error messages
Add offline capability for critical app functions
Enhance accessibility features for better inclusivity
Implement comprehensive error tracking and analytics
Consider adding a caching layer for frequently accessed data


Examine the authentication flow in detail
Look at the state management implementation
Analyze the UI components and design patterns
Review the Firebase integration
Check the data models and business logic
Examine how the state management integrates with the UI
Look at the Firebase integration in more detail?
Analyze the error handling patterns
Analyze the error recovery mechanisms
Look at the error logging implementation
Review the user feedback mechanisms
Suggest improvements or optimizations





understand my flutter app "prbal"

understand my flutter android app "prbal"

check proflie screen full proflie configaration in user data for provider and taker users data like provider which services he peovides to taker diplay all servicer or sub sericer to select one or more then one services and profresianal, exprence, year and distance he convered and also id provef (aadhar card/pan/voter card) verfication upload id proved front and back photo  and profile phto change also 

check my all auth screens and auth service and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal" llike 
welcome - login - email - otp verfiy - user exist in database -dashboard ,
welcome - login - phone - otp verfiy - user exist in database -dashboard ,
welcome - registration - otp verification and user exist in database - dashboard ,
welcome - login - google sign in - user exist in database - dashboard ,


when we login in login page we also check that phone no or email present in mongodb database and if not notifcation to go to register page to regiister

give me a one-liner requirement description for each file in the prbal Flutter app:


Overall, prbal is a Flutter app featuring multi-authentication (email/password, Google, Facebook, phone), theme switching (light/dark/system), multi-language support, and onboarding flow, built with BLoC/Cubit for state management and Firebase for backend services.

Create a markdown file for my project to showcase all the files and their uses, and also the technology we use in this project, and givea full app architecture and app flow

create requirements.txt for my project


design lib\view\auth\view\register_view.dart: register screen with common color theme or palate and a common components darts  or any common  data in modern style


Show the Kotlin implementation for the SMS service?
Explain more about the financial transaction detection?
Dive deeper into the permission handling?
Analyze the performance optimizations?
Review the security measures?
Implement the budget management system?
Implement data visualization for transactions?


learn and understand and analysis in deeply Authentication flow system and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis in deeply State management implementation system and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis in deeply Navigation system and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis in deeply Theme management system and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis in deeply Localization setup system and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis in deeply Security features system and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis in deeply Performance Optimization and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis in deeply Error Handling system and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"

learn and understand and analysis in deeply Accessibility system and then complete my flutter app architecture and app flow and then edit my flutter app "prbal"


Authentication flow
State management implementation
Navigation system
Theme management
Localization setup
Security features
UI components
Areas for Potential Improvement
Performance Optimization: Consider lazy loading for heavy components or screens.
Error Handling: Expand the error handling mechanism to cover more edge cases.
Testing: Add more comprehensive unit and widget tests.
Localization: Ensure all strings are properly externalized for localization.
Accessibility: Enhance support for screen readers and other accessibility features.
Add error handling and loading states?

Enhance the UI components?

Authentication system
State management
UI/UX implementation
Local storage
Navigation system
  getIt.registerSingleton<FacebookAuth>(FacebookAuth.instance);
  getIt.registerSingletonAsync<SharedPreferences>(
      () => SharedPreferences.getInstance());
  getIt.registerLazySingleton<LocalizationService>(
      () => LocalizationService(getIt<SharedPreferences>()));
  getIt.registerLazySingleton<SecurityService>(() => SecurityService(
    
remove Firebase  from my app


App Flow
Onboarding → Introduces key platform benefits with animations
Authentication → User registration/login
Main Interface → Category browsing and professional discovery
Service Selection → Detailed provider profiles and booking

# Comprehensive Screen Analysis of prbal App

design Authentication screens with common color theme or palate and a common components darts  or any common  data in modern UI/UX style

# Model Architecture Update Plan

## Overview
We're upgrading all data models in the prbal app to use both json_serializable and Hive for better code maintenance and offline capability.

## Changes Made
1. ServiceModel - Updated with json_serializable and Hive annotations
2. BookingModel - Updated with json_serializable and Hive annotations
3. BidModel - Updated with json_serializable and Hive annotations
4. NotificationModel - Updated with json_serializable and Hive annotations

## Next Steps
1. Run the code generation to create all .g.dart files:
   ```
   flutter pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
   ```
   or use the provided helper scripts:
   - `./generate_models.sh` on Linux/Mac
   - `generate_models.bat` on Windows

2. Update remaining models:
   - review_model.dart
   - product_model.dart
   - ai_suggestion_model.dart
   - Any other models in the app

3. Update HiveService for all new models:
   - Make sure TypeIDs continue in sequence
   - Register all adapters
   - Open all boxes

4. Update services to use Hive for local caching:
   - Update FirebaseService to cache data to Hive
   - Add offline capability to critical services
   - Add data sync mechanisms

5. Update UI to handle offline state:
   - Create helper for data source (network vs cache)
   - Add UI indicators for offline mode
   - Implement optimistic updates

## Hive TypeID Registry
Keep track of all type IDs to avoid conflicts:
- 0: UserModel
- 1: UserType (enum)
- 2: BookingStatus (enum)
- 3: BookingModel
- 4: BidModel
- 5: ServiceModel
- 6: NotificationType (enum)
- 7: NotificationModel

Next available ID: 8

So thick now, I started my project backend, so this is a guide to start and complete my backend, which is running with all APIs, models, and database tables with AI.

So thick now, I started my project backend, so give me details my backend is running with all APIs, with models, with database tables with ai.

Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables with ai, give me 1st prompt.


So thick now, I started my project backend, so a guide to start and complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, with database tables.

Okay, I can certainly help you with a guide to starting and completing the backend development for your Prbal App, drawing from the provided sources. Based on the architectural decisions outlined, the backend is being built as a Django REST API. The goal is to have it running with all necessary APIs, data models (which map to database tables), and core functionalities.
Here is a guide based on the Prbal App's documented architecture and development steps:
1. Confirming the Backend Technology Stack
The core backend architecture for the Prbal App is a Django REST API backend, leveraging the Django REST Framework (DRF) for building robust APIs. The primary database will be a robust relational database like PostgreSQL or MySQL, managed efficiently by Django's Object-Relational Mapper (ORM). This stack is chosen for its security features, scalability, and maintainability.
2. Foundational Backend Structure and Data Models
The backend follows a Layered Client-Server Pattern and should be structured into modular Django applications for different functional domains. Key modules include apps for users, services, bids, bookings, reviews, payments, verifications, AI suggestions, products, and static data.
The data models defined in the Flutter frontend (UserModel, ServiceModel, etc.) serve as the definitive specification for the backend database schema. These Flutter models must be meticulously translated into Django ORM models, which will define your database tables. Subsequently, Django REST Framework serializers will be created to manage the conversion of these Django models into JSON for API responses and vice-versa.
3. Implementing Core API Endpoints
The Django backend will expose a comprehensive suite of RESTful API endpoints. These endpoints utilize standard HTTP methods (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) for interacting with the data models and business logic. The API structure generally follows a /api/v1/ prefix.
Key API endpoint groups include:
Authentication & User Management: /api/auth/register/, /api/auth/login/, /api/users/me/, /api/users/{id}/.
Service Discovery & Management: /api/services/, /api/services/{id}/, /api/services/categories/.
Bidding System: /api/bids/, /api/bids/{id}/, /api/bids/{id}/accept/, /api/bids/{id}/reject/.
Booking Management: /api/bookings/, /api/bookings/{id}/, /api/bookings/{id}/status/, /api/bookings/{id}/cancel/.
Payment Processing: /api/payments/initiate/, /api/payments/confirm/, /api/payments/history/. Note that a hypothetical /api/v1/payments/payout/ endpoint for provider payouts is also mentioned.
Review & Rating System: /api/reviews/, /api/reviews/{id}/.
Verification Process: /api/verifications/, /api/verifications/{id}/.
AI Suggestions: /api/ai-suggestions/.
Products (for businesses): /api/products/, /api/products/{id}/.
Location & Discovery: /api/locations/search/, /api/services/nearby/.
Offline/Sync: /api/sync/profile/, /api/sync/services/, /api/sync/upload/.
Third-Party Integrations: /api/integrations/verify/, /api/integrations/calendar/sync/.
4. Guide to Completing Backend Development (Building upon a Started Project)
Assuming you have completed the initial project setup (Phase 1 Foundation and Core Backend Development), the steps to fully implement and run the backend with all required APIs, models, and database tables are as follows:
Define Core Data Models: Ensure all core Django models (UserModel, ServiceModel, BidModel, BookingModel, ReviewModel, PaymentModel, VerificationModel, AISuggestionModel, ProductModel, Data Model) are fully defined in your models.py files within their respective apps. This is where you define the structure of your database tables using Django's ORM fields (e.g., CharField, DecimalField, ForeignKey, DateTimeField, JSONField, PointField).
Create Migrations: After defining or modifying models, generate migration files using Django's management commands (e.g., python manage.py makemigrations).
Apply Database Migrations: Apply the generated migrations to create or update your database tables (e.g., python manage.py migrate).
Develop DRF Serializers: For each model (or complex data structure you need to send/receive via the API), create corresponding DRF serializers in serializers.py files. Serializers handle the conversion between Python objects (Django models) and JSON format.
Implement API Views: Write the logic for your API endpoints in views.py files within each app. These views will handle incoming HTTP requests, interact with your models (using the ORM) and serializers, implement the business logic, and return appropriate HTTP responses. You will likely use DRF's Viewsets or APIView classes.
Configure URLs: Define the URL patterns for your API endpoints in urls.py files, mapping specific URLs to your views. Configure a root urls.py to include the URLs from each app.
Implement Authentication and Authorization: Set up JWT token authentication using DRF. Implement robust permission classes (e.g., IsAuthenticated, custom permissions based on user roles or object ownership) in your views to secure endpoints and ensure users can only access data and perform actions appropriate for their role (Customer/Provider). The user_type field on the User model is crucial for this.
Integrate Third-Party Services: Implement the logic within your views or dedicated service modules to interact with external APIs for payments (e.g., Stripe, PayPal), background verification (Onfido API), mapping/location services, and SMS/Email notifications.
Implement AI Logic: Develop or integrate modules for AI functionalities like Smart Bidding suggestions. This might involve dedicated AI service endpoints or logic within existing views (e.g., the /api/bids/ endpoint potentially interacting with an AI model for suggestions). Establish data pipelines to collect user interaction data for future AI model retraining. Use asynchronous task queues for computationally intensive AI operations.
Add Real-time Capabilities: Integrate Django Channels to add WebSocket support to your backend. This is needed for features like real-time notifications (bid alerts, status updates), in-app messaging, and potentially real-time updates in lists.
Manage Media Files: Configure Django to handle file uploads, specifically integrating with cloud storage solutions (like Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage) for scalable storage of images and documents. Implement server-side image processing (e.g., resizing, format optimization) to enhance frontend performance.
Implement Complex Workflows: For multi-stage processes like user verification, implement a robust workflow engine or state machine within your Django application. This involves specific endpoints for document uploads and status tracking, asynchronous tasks for external API calls, and potentially an administrative interface for human review.
Set up Admin Interface: Further configure Django Admin (admin.py) beyond basic management to provide a usable interface for administrators to manage users, content, and potentially monitor verification workflows.
Implement Security Measures: Beyond authentication/authorization, implement rate limiting for API endpoints, ensure protection against common vulnerabilities using Django/DRF built-in features, and configure CORS. Conduct security audits.
Write Tests: Develop comprehensive unit, integration, and API tests for your backend logic and endpoints to ensure correctness and prevent regressions.
Performance Optimization: Profile and optimize backend code, focusing on database queries (using Django ORM effectively) and API response times, especially for data-heavy endpoints or computationally intensive tasks.
Deployment: Prepare your Django application for deployment by configuring settings for production (database, static/media files, secret keys), setting up a cloud hosting environment (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure), and deploying the application. This usually involves web servers (like Gunicorn/uWSGI), potentially Nginx/Apache as a reverse proxy, and database hosting.
Monitoring: Implement monitoring tools and analytics to track API performance, errors (e.g., Sentry), and application health post-deployment.
By following these steps, building upon your initial setup, you can progress towards completing the Django REST API backend for your Prbal App, ensuring all models are defined, database tables are created via migrations, and all necessary API endpoints are implemented and functional.
Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 1st prompt.

Okay, I understand you're looking for a structured approach to guide you through completing the Prbal App backend, starting from its current state to a fully running system with all APIs, models, and database tables. You want 10 prompts formatted using the CETO (Context, Expert Persona, Task, Output) approach, and you've asked for the first prompt in this response.
Based on our conversation and the provided sources, the core backend technology for Prbal is a Django REST API, utilizing Django REST Framework (DRF) and a robust relational database like PostgreSQL or MySQL. The goal is to translate the Flutter data models into Django ORM models and expose functionalities via RESTful API endpoints.
Here is the first prompt in the series of 10, designed to kickstart the foundational setup of your Prbal backend:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 1: Foundational Django Project & Database Setup
Context: We are developing the backend for the Prbal App, which is a service marketplace. The chosen architecture is a Django REST API using Django REST Framework, intended to interface with a Flutter frontend. The database will be a relational database like PostgreSQL or MySQL, managed by Django's ORM. You have a basic project started, but need detailed guidance on setting up the fundamental environment and database connection to ensure a solid foundation for implementing the Prbal backend features. This is the essential first step towards having a backend running with models and database tables.
Expert Persona: Act as a seasoned Backend Architect and Django/DRF expert, providing precise, step-by-step instructions for setting up a production-ready Django project structure and configuring its database connection. Your guidance should be clear, pragmatic, and directly applicable to the Prbal App's technical requirements.
Task: Provide a comprehensive, step-by-step guide for initializing the Django project and setting up the development environment suitable for the Prbal backend. This must include:
1.Instructions for creating a virtual environment.
2.Commands to install core dependencies like Django and Django REST Framework.
3.Guidance on initializing the Django project and the main application directory structure.
4.Detailed steps for configuring the database connection in settings.py, specifically for a relational database like PostgreSQL or MySQL, as chosen for Prbal.
5.Instructions for running the initial database migrations (makemigrations and migrate) to set up Django's built-in tables.
6.Explanation of the purpose of key files generated during this setup (e.g., settings.py, urls.py, manage.py) in the context of the Prbal_API backend.
Output: A numbered list of clear, actionable steps with accompanying command-line durgass (using pip and python manage.py). Each step should include a brief explanation of why it's necessary for the Prbal backend. The response should reference the specific technologies mentioned in the sources (Django, DRF, relational database) and confirm that by the end of these steps, the basic project structure is in place and connected to an empty database, ready for application-specific models and APIs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Once you execute the steps provided by this first prompt, you will have the foundational Django project set up, configured with your chosen relational database, and ready to begin defining the specific Prbal data models and implementing APIs. Let me know when you are ready for the second prompt, which will focus on defining the core data models.
Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 2nd prompt.

Okay, following up on the foundational setup for the Prbal App backend, the logical next step is to define the core data structures that represent the different entities within the application. These data structures, or models, will form the basis of your database tables, which is a key part of having your "backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables."
Based on the sources and our conversation, the Prbal App utilizes a Django REST API and a relational database like PostgreSQL or MySQL managed by Django's ORM. The Flutter data models provided in the sources serve as the precise blueprint for these Django ORM models.
Here is the second prompt in your CETO series, focusing on defining these essential data models:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 2: Defining Core Django ORM Models
Context: We have completed the foundational Django project setup and configured the connection to our relational database (PostgreSQL/MySQL) as per the first prompt. The next critical step for the Prbal App backend is to translate the conceptual data structures (based on the Flutter models from the sources) into concrete Django ORM models. These models will define the schema for our database tables and serve as the basis for all backend operations related to users, services, bids, bookings, and other core functionalities. This is a crucial step towards having the backend running with its defined data structures.
Expert Persona: Continue acting as a seasoned Backend Architect and Django/DRF expert. Provide detailed, practical guidance on defining the core Django ORM models, ensuring correct field types, relationships, and adherence to the Prbal App's requirements as outlined in the sources. Emphasize database integrity and ORM best practices.
Task: Provide a step-by-step guide to define the core Django ORM models for the Prbal App based on the specifications derived from the Flutter models in the sources. This must include:
1.A list of the key models to be defined (e.g., UserModel, ServiceModel, BidModel, BookingModel, ReviewModel, PaymentModel, VerificationModel, AISuggestionModel, ProductModel, Data Model).
2.Instructions on where to define these models within the Django project structure (e.g., in models.py files within relevant Django apps like users, services, bids, etc.).
3.Guidance on translating the key fields and their types (e.g., UUIDs, strings, decimals, booleans, JSON) from the source descriptions into appropriate Django model field types (e.g., models.UUIDField, models.CharField, models.DecimalField, models.BooleanField, models.JSONField).
4.Detailed instructions on defining the relationships between models using models.ForeignKey, models.ManyToManyField, etc., based on the connections described (e.g., a Service belongs to a Provider (User), a Bid relates to a Service and a Provider, a Booking might relate to a Bid).
5.Instructions on how to run the Django management commands (python manage.py makemigrations and python manage.py migrate) to create the corresponding database tables based on the defined models.
6.Brief explanation of the purpose of migrations and how they manage database schema changes.
7.Specific considerations for the UserModel, including potentially extending AbstractUser to add fields like user_type.
Output: A clear, numbered list of actionable steps. For each core model, provide an durgas of how its basic structure and key fields/relationships would look in models.py. Include the exact command-line commands needed to generate and apply migrations. The response should confirm that by the end of these steps, the database schema for the Prbal App will be created, with tables ready to store data for all core entities, forming the "models and database tables" part of the completion goal. Cite source information used for model names, fields, and relationships.
python manage.py makemigrations
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Once you complete the steps provided by this second prompt, your Django backend will have the necessary database structure defined and created, aligning with the Prbal App's data requirements as specified in the source materials. This sets the stage for implementing the API logic to interact with these models. Let me know when you're ready for the third prompt.
Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 3rd prompt.

Okay, picking up where we left off after establishing the foundational Django project, configuring the database, and defining the core data models (including the UserModel), the next logical step towards having a functional backend is to implement the essential Authentication and User Management APIs. These APIs are crucial for allowing users (both customers and service providers) to register, log in, and manage their profiles, which is a fundamental requirement for the Prbal App.
Based on our conversation and the sources, the plan is to build a Django REST API using Django REST Framework (DRF). We will utilize the relational database (PostgreSQL/MySQL) managed by Django's ORM and the UserModel we defined in the previous step. Secure token-based authentication is also a key requirement.
Here is the third prompt in your CETO series, focusing on implementing these critical Authentication and User Management APIs:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 3: Implementing Core Authentication & User Management APIs
Context: We have successfully set up the core Django project, connected it to the relational database, and defined the primary Django ORM models, including the UserModel which accommodates both customer and professional user types. The database tables corresponding to these models have been created via migrations. Now, we need to build the essential API endpoints that allow users to interact with the platform, specifically focusing on registration, login, and basic user profile management. These are the entry points for users and a necessary prerequisite for implementing any other service marketplace functionality in the Prbal App. We will use Django REST Framework (DRF) to build these RESTful endpoints and implement secure token-based authentication.
Expert Persona: Continue as a seasoned Backend Architect and Django/DRF expert. Provide clear, secure, and efficient guidance on implementing the specified API endpoints, emphasizing DRF best practices, authentication setup, and handling the dual user types as defined in the UserModel.
Task: Provide a comprehensive, step-by-step guide to implementing the core Authentication and User Management API endpoints for the Prbal App using Django and DRF. This must include:
1.Instructions for creating a new Django application (e.g., users or accounts) to house the user-related logic, if not already done as part of UserModel definition.
2.Guidance on configuring the project's settings.py to use the custom UserModel if you extended Django's AbstractUser, and installing necessary DRF authentication packages (e.g., djangorestframework-simplejwt or using DRF's built-in TokenAuthentication).
3.Instructions for creating DRF Serializers for the UserModel, including:
A serializer for user registration (e.g., taking email, phone, password, user_type).
A serializer for login (e.g., taking email/phone and password).
A serializer for displaying and updating the authenticated user's profile (/api/v1/users/me/), ensuring sensitive data like password is not exposed.
Potentially a simpler serializer for displaying a specific user's public profile (/api/v1/users/{id}/), exposing only public fields like name, profile image, rating, bio, skills, total bookings.
4.Developing DRF Views (using APIView or Viewsets) to handle the logic for the following endpoints as identified in the sources:
/api/v1/auth/register/ (POST): To create a new user account, handling the user_type selection.
/api/v1/auth/login/ (POST): To authenticate a user and issue a JWT or authentication token.
/api/v1/users/me/ (GET, PUT): To retrieve the authenticated user's profile details (GET) and update them (PUT). This view must be protected by authentication.
/api/v1/users/{id}/ (GET): To retrieve the public profile of a specific user. This view should ideally be accessible without authentication or with read-only permissions for unauthenticated users.
5.Configuring the URL patterns in the app's urls.py and including them in the project's main urls.py under the appropriate /api/v1/ path.
6.Implementing DRF Permission Classes on the views (/api/v1/users/me/, /api/v1/users/{id}/) to enforce access control (e.g., IsAuthenticated for /me/, potentially AllowAny or IsAuthenticatedOrReadOnly for /users/{id}/).
7.Basic steps on how to test these newly created API endpoints (e.g., using DRF's Browsable API or Postman), including testing successful requests, validation errors (e.g., missing fields during registration), and permission denied responses.
Output: A clear, numbered list of actionable steps. Include command durgass for creating apps. Provide structured Python code durgass (or detailed pseudocode) for key parts of the serializers, views, and URL configurations. Clearly explain how token-based authentication and permissions are applied. The response should confirm that by completing these steps, the Prbal backend will have functional endpoints for user registration, login, and profile management, protected by authentication and permissions, moving closer to the goal of having "all APIs" running. Cite source information used for endpoint paths, methods, model fields, and technical choices.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Completing the tasks in this prompt will provide the essential user foundation for your Prbal backend. Users will be able to join the platform, log in, and manage their basic information via the API. Let me know when you're ready for the fourth prompt, which will likely focus on defining and managing service listings.
Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 4th prompt.

Okay, following the foundational setup, model definition, and core Authentication/User Management APIs, the next crucial step for your Prbal App backend is to implement the APIs that manage the core marketplace content: Services and Products. This involves allowing service providers and businesses to create, list, update, and manage their offerings, and for customers to browse and search them. This moves you closer to having "all APIs" operational and fully utilizing the "models and database tables" defined earlier.
Based on the sources and our conversation, the Prbal App requires APIs to manage ServiceModel (for professionals) and ProductModel (for small businesses), along with related data like categories. These APIs will be built using Django REST Framework (DRF) and interact with your relational database (PostgreSQL/MySQL) via the Django ORM.
Here is the fourth prompt in your CETO series, focusing on implementing these vital Service and Product Management APIs:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 4: Implementing Service and Product Management APIs
Context: We have a functional Django backend with configured database, defined core models (UserModel, ServiceModel, ProductModel, Data Model for categories, etc.), and implemented core Authentication & User Management APIs. Users can register, log in, and manage their basic profiles. The next phase requires enabling service providers and businesses to list their offerings and making these offerings discoverable by customers. This involves creating API endpoints for managing ServiceModel and ProductModel instances, including creation, retrieval (listing and detail), updating, and potentially deletion. These APIs are central to the marketplace's function, allowing the supply side to populate the platform and the demand side to browse it. We will continue using Django REST Framework (DRF) and enforcing appropriate permissions based on user type.
Expert Persona: Continue as a seasoned Backend Architect and Django/DRF expert. Provide practical, secure, and RESTful guidance on implementing these marketplace content APIs. Emphasize proper model-serializer mapping, view logic, URL structure, and especially the implementation of permissions to ensure only authorized users (specifically service providers/businesses) can create or modify their listings.
Task: Provide a comprehensive, step-by-step guide to implementing the core Service and Product Management API endpoints for the Prbal App using Django and DRF. This must include:
1.Instructions for ensuring you have a dedicated Django application (e.g., services, listings, or similar) to house the service and product-related logic, as suggested by the modular architecture.
2.Guidance on creating DRF Serializers for ServiceModel and ProductModel.
Serializers should handle the translation between Django models and JSON representation for both listing/detail views (including nested data like the provider's public profile details from UserModel) and creation/update views (handling fields like name, description, category, hourlyRate/price, availability, images, and linking the listing to the authenticated provider or business user via the ForeignKey relationship).
Include how to handle ImageField for service/product images within serializers and views.
Potentially create a simple serializer for service categories from the Data Model or a dedicated Category model.
3.Developing DRF Views (using APIView or Viewsets) to handle the logic for the following endpoints, adhering to the structure identified in the sources:
/api/v1/services/ (GET, POST):
GET: List all active services (potentially filterable by category, location, keywords).
POST: Create a new ServiceModel entry. This view must only allow authenticated users with user_type == 'P' (Service Provider) to create a listing.
/api/v1/services/{id}/ (GET, PUT, PATCH, DELETE):
GET: Retrieve details of a specific service. Should be publicly accessible or accessible by authenticated users.
PUT/PATCH: Update a specific service. Must be restricted to the authenticated user who owns the service listing (the provider of the service) and has user_type == 'P'.
DELETE: Delete a service listing. Must be restricted to the owner/provider.
/api/v1/services/categories/ (GET): List available service categories. This can likely be a simple read-only view.
/api/v1/products/ (GET, POST):
GET: List all active products.
POST: Create a new ProductModel entry. Restricted to appropriate authenticated user type (e.g., a specific business user type, or potentially 'P' if businesses are a subset of providers).
/api/v1/products/{id}/ (GET, PUT, PATCH, DELETE): Similar logic and permissions as /api/v1/services/{id}/.
/api/v1/services/nearby/ (GET): Implement basic filtering logic to list services based on location (latitude, longitude, radius).
4.Configuring the URL patterns for these views within the relevant app's urls.py and including them in the project's main urls.py under /api/v1/.
5.Implementing DRF Permission Classes on the views to enforce access control:
Use IsAuthenticatedOrReadOnly for endpoints like /services/ (GET) or /services/{id}/ (GET).
Implement a custom permission class or logic within the views to check if the authenticated user is a Service Provider (user_type == 'P') for POST requests to /services/ and POST to /products/.
Implement another custom permission class or logic to check if the authenticated user is the owner of the specific Service or Product instance for PUT, PATCH, and DELETE requests to /services/{id}/ and /products/{id}/.
6.Instructions on how to handle file uploads for images, ensuring proper storage and serving (potentially using Django's media root or integrating with cloud storage in a production setup).
7.Basic steps on how to test these API endpoints, verifying read access, creation by authorized users, update/deletion by owners, and permission denied responses for unauthorized actions.
Output: A clear, numbered list of actionable steps. Include command durgass for creating apps. Provide structured Python code durgass (or detailed pseudocode) for key parts of the serializers, views (especially permission logic), and URL configurations. Explain how image uploads are handled. Clearly explain how user type and ownership permissions are applied. The response should confirm that by completing these steps, the Prbal backend will have functional API endpoints for service and product management, allowing providers to list their offerings and customers to browse them, thus providing core marketplace functionality via the API and utilizing the defined models and database tables. Cite source information used for endpoint paths, methods, model fields, relationships, permissions, user types, and technical choices (DRF, Django ORM, file uploads).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Implementing these APIs will unlock the ability for providers to populate the marketplace with their services and products, which is a fundamental requirement for a service marketplace platform like Prbal. This is a significant step towards having the core "APIs, models, and database tables" in place and functional. Let me know when you are ready for the fifth prompt.
Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 5th prompt.

Okay, picking up from Prompt 4 where you established the APIs for listing services and products, the next logical step for your Prbal App backend is to implement the dynamic core of the marketplace: Bidding and Booking Management. This involves creating the APIs that facilitate the interaction between customers initiating requests (often implicitly by viewing a service or product they're interested in) and providers responding with bids, and then managing the subsequent confirmed bookings. This directly utilizes your BidModel and BookingModel and interacts with UserModel, ServiceModel, and potentially the AISuggestionModel. Completing this phase is crucial for getting the main transaction flows operational via your API and database.
Based on the sources, the Prbal App features a "Smart Bidding" system where providers bid on customer needs, and a booking system to schedule confirmed jobs. These APIs will use Django REST Framework (DRF) and interact with your relational database via the Django ORM, incorporating detailed permission checks and state management.
Here is the fifth prompt in your CETO series, focusing on implementing these vital Bidding and Booking APIs:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 5: Implementing Bidding and Booking Management APIs
Context: We have a functional Django backend with a configured database, defined core models (including UserModel, ServiceModel, ProductModel, BidModel, BookingModel, AISuggestionModel), implemented core Authentication & User Management APIs, and implemented Service and Product Management APIs. The core marketplace interactions now need to be built, specifically enabling service providers to place bids on potential jobs (or service requests/customer interest in a service) and managing the lifecycle of these bids and subsequent confirmed bookings. This involves implementing API endpoints for creating, retrieving, updating, accepting, rejecting bids, and creating, retrieving, updating the status of, and cancelling bookings. These APIs are central to the transaction flow of the Prbal App. We will continue to use Django REST Framework (DRF), enforce granular permissions based on user type and ownership/participation, and integrate the AI suggestion logic for bidding.
Expert Persona: Continue as a seasoned Backend Architect and Django/DRF expert. Guide the implementation of these complex interaction APIs, emphasizing state management, secure multi-party permissioning, and integration points like AI suggestions and preparation for real-time updates. Provide practical steps for building robust and secure endpoints that handle the core business logic of marketplace transactions.
Task: Provide a comprehensive, step-by-step guide to implementing the core Bidding and Booking API endpoints for the Prbal App using Django and DRF. This must include:
1.Instructions for ensuring you have appropriate Django applications (e.g., bids, bookings) or integrate this logic within existing relevant apps, adhering to modular design.
2.Guidance on creating DRF Serializers for BidModel and BookingModel.
Serializers should handle the translation between Django models and JSON representation for both listing/detail and creation/update views.
Include how to serialize relevant nested data, such as the associated Service or Product details, and the public profile details (name, rating, profileImage, etc. from UserModel) of the provider (for bids) and both customer and provider (for bookings).
For creation/update serializers, handle fields like amount, proposed_time, message (for bids), and schedule, address (for bookings). Ensure that the provider/customer fields are automatically linked to the authenticated user where applicable (e.g., provider on bid creation, customer or provider on booking creation/status update depending on context/flow).
Address serialization of the status field and potentially related transition logic.
3.Developing DRF Views (using APIView or Viewsets) to handle the logic for the following essential endpoints, adhering to the structure identified in the sources:
/api/v1/bids/ (GET, POST):
GET: List bids. This should be filtered based on the authenticated user's role: Providers see bids they have placed (potentially on service requests or services they are interested in), Customers see bids placed on their relevant service requests or interest in a service. Implement filtering based on service ID or request ID as needed.
POST: Create a new BidModel entry. This view must be restricted to authenticated users with user_type == 'P' (Service Provider). The bid must be linked to the authenticated provider and a relevant Service.
/api/v1/bids/{id}/ (GET, PUT, PATCH):
GET: Retrieve details of a specific bid. Accessible only to the provider who placed the bid or the customer whose request/service the bid is on.
PUT/PATCH: Update a specific bid (e.g., change amount or message before it's accepted/rejected). Must be restricted to the authenticated user who owns the bid (the provider). Only specific fields should be updateable depending on the current bid status.
/api/v1/bids/{id}/accept/ (POST):
Logic to change the bid status to 'Accepted'.
Crucially, this action should trigger the creation of a new BookingModel entry, populating it with data from the accepted bid and associated service/request and users.
Must be restricted to the authenticated user who is the customer associated with the service request/listing the bid was placed on.
/api/v1/bids/{id}/reject/ (PUT/PATCH):
Logic to change the bid status to 'Rejected'.
Must be restricted to the authenticated user who is the customer associated with the service request/listing the bid was placed on.
/api/v1/bookings/ (GET, POST):
GET: List bookings. Must be filtered based on the authenticated user's role (role=provider or role=customer as parameter). Users should only see bookings they are a participant in.
POST: Create a new BookingModel entry. While acceptance of a bid creates a booking (handled in /bids/{id}/accept/), there might be scenarios for direct booking (if applicable). If so, restrict based on user type (e.g., customer initiating) and link to participants/service. The source suggests booking is created after bid, so focus on this flow.
/api/v1/bookings/{id}/ (GET):
Retrieve details of a specific booking. Restricted to the customer or provider participating in the booking.
/api/v1/bookings/{id}/status/ (PUT/PATCH):
Update the status of a booking (e.g., 'pending', 'inProgress', 'completed', 'cancelled'). Implement state transition logic to ensure valid status changes.
Must be restricted to the authenticated user who is a participant (customer or provider) in the booking. Certain status changes might be limited to one role (e.g., provider marking 'completed').
/api/v1/bookings/{id}/cancel/ (POST):
Cancel a booking. Restricted to participants.
/api/v1/services/nearby/ (GET): Revisit or refine this endpoint from prompt 4 to allow customers to find services/providers by location, as this often precedes bidding/booking.
/api/v1/bids/smart-price/ (GET/POST): Implement or integrate the endpoint for requesting AI-suggested bid amounts, which the frontend can call before a provider submits a bid. This might involve calling the logic in your AI service module.
4.Configuring the URL patterns for these views within the relevant app's urls.py and including them in the project's main urls.py under /api/v1/.
5.Implementing DRF Permission Classes and/or custom logic within views to enforce granular access control:
Create or use permissions like IsAuthenticated.
Implement IsServiceProvider and IsCustomer permissions based on request.user.user_type. Apply these to relevant endpoints (e.g., IsServiceProvider for POST to /bids/).
Implement custom Object-level Permissions to check if the authenticated user is the owner of a bid, the participant of a booking, or specifically the customer/provider linked to the object. Apply these to detail, update, accept, reject, and status endpoints. For durgas, a user trying to update a bid must be the provider (bid.provider == request.user), and a user trying to accept/reject a bid must be the customer associated with the service/request (bid.service.customer == request.user or similar logic depending on your model relationships).
Ensure sensitive data related to bids/bookings is only visible to participants.
6.Handling state transitions for bids (Pending -> Accepted/Rejected) and bookings (e.g., Pending -> Confirmed -> In Progress -> Completed/Cancelled). This logic should be robust to prevent invalid transitions.
7.Considering how these API actions will potentially trigger real-time updates (e.g., via signals that send messages to a message queue or Django Channels layer) to notify users of new bids, accepted bids, or booking status changes. (Note: The full Django Channels implementation can be a later prompt, but the API should be designed to facilitate this).
8.Basic steps on how to test these API endpoints, verifying correct listing filtering, creation by authorized users, update/management by correct participants, successful bid acceptance creating a booking, correct status transitions, and permission denied responses for unauthorized actions.
Output: A clear, numbered list of actionable steps. Provide structured Python code durgass (or detailed pseudocode) for key parts of the serializers, views (especially permission and logic), and URL configurations. Clearly explain the different levels of permissions required and how they are applied to specific actions and endpoints. Explain the logic for bid acceptance leading to booking creation and status updates. Confirm that by completing these steps, the Prbal backend will have functional API endpoints for bidding and booking management, enabling the core transaction flows of the marketplace via the API and fully utilizing the defined models and database tables. Cite source information used for endpoint paths, methods, model fields, relationships, permissions, user types, transaction flows, and technical choices (DRF, Django ORM, state management, real-time potential).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Implementing these APIs completes the central nervous system of your marketplace backend, allowing providers and customers to interact directly through bids and confirmed jobs. This is a major milestone towards having your backend "running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables". Let me know when you are ready for the sixth prompt.
Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 6th prompt.

Okay, building upon the successful implementation of Bidding and Booking APIs from Prompt 5, the next critical step in completing the core backend functionality for your Prbal App is to address the financial transactions (Payments and Payouts) and essential communication features (Messaging and Notifications). These elements are vital for completing the transaction flow, enabling users to securely exchange funds, and keeping them informed and connected throughout the service lifecycle.
This phase will involve implementing APIs for initiating and confirming payments for customers, tracking earnings and requesting payouts for providers, managing chat threads and messages between users involved in a booking or bid, and delivering real-time notifications about important events. We will continue to leverage Django REST Framework (DRF), ensure robust permissioning based on user roles and relationship to the data, and integrate considerations for external services and real-time communication technologies like Django Channels (WebSockets).
Based on the sources and our conversation history, here is the sixth prompt in your CETO series:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 6: Implementing Payment, Payout, Messaging, and Notification APIs
Context: We have established the foundational backend with Authentication, User Management, Service/Product Management, and core Bidding/Booking APIs. The marketplace now needs the ability to handle the financial aspect of transactions (customer payments and provider payouts) and facilitate communication between users involved in bids or bookings, along with keeping users informed via notifications. This phase focuses on building out these critical features using Django/DRF, integrating with database models (PaymentModel, MessageModel, NotificationModel - or equivalent), ensuring data integrity, applying strict permissions, and laying the groundwork for integration with external payment gateways and real-time communication channels. Completing these APIs will bring the Prbal App significantly closer to a fully functional transaction engine.
Expert Persona: Continue as a seasoned Backend Architect and Django/DRF expert. Guide the implementation of secure payment and payout workflows, structure efficient messaging APIs, and design a robust notification system, emphasizing data security, transactional integrity, user privacy, and the integration of real-time capabilities. Provide practical steps for building these interconnected API endpoints.
Task: Provide a comprehensive, step-by-step guide to implementing the core Payment, Payout, Messaging, and Notification API endpoints for the Prbal App using Django and DRF. This must include:
1.Instructions for ensuring you have appropriate Django applications (e.g., payments, messaging, notifications) and necessary models (or define them if not already explicit, based on the PaymentModel, MessageModel, NotificationModel concepts identified in sources) integrated into your project. These models should link relevant users (UserModel), bookings (BookingModel), and bids (BidModel).
2.Guidance on creating DRF Serializers for the relevant models (PaymentModel, MessageModel, NotificationModel or their equivalents).
Serializers should handle the translation between models and JSON for various operations (listing, detail, creation).
For payments, handle fields like amount, booking, method, status, transaction_id. Serializers should serialize relevant nested data like the associated Booking details or participant names.
For messaging, handle fields like thread, sender, content, timestamp, is_read. Serializers should serialize relevant nested data like sender's name/profile image.
For notifications, handle fields like recipient, type, content, created_at, is_read, and potentially a link to the related object (booking, bid, etc.). Serializers should serialize relevant recipient and context details.
Address serialization of status fields and related metadata.
3.Developing DRF Views (using APIView or Viewsets) to handle the logic for the following essential endpoints, strictly adhering to the structure identified in the sources and enforcing permissions:
/api/v1/payments/initiate/ (POST):
Logic to initiate a payment process (e.g., create a Payment record with 'pending' status, potentially communicate with an external payment gateway to get a payment intent/client secret).
Requires authentication and must be initiated by the customer associated with a valid, non-'completed' or 'cancelled' booking.
Input: booking_id, amount, payment_method_details.
Output: Payment details, potentially including gateway-specific data needed by the frontend.
/api/v1/payments/confirm/ (POST):
Logic to confirm a payment after the user completes the action on the frontend (often involves passing back data from the payment gateway SDK).
Updates the Payment record status (e.g., to 'succeeded', 'failed'), links the external transaction_id.
If successful, updates the associated Booking status (e.g., 'paid', 'inProgress' depending on flow).
Requires authentication and should link to the customer initiating the payment.
Input: payment_id or gateway-specific data confirming the transaction.
Output: Updated payment status, confirmation message.
/api/v1/payments/history/ (GET):
Logic to list payment transactions.
Restricted to the authenticated user, showing only payments they initiated (customer) or payments related to bookings they provided services for (provider). Implement filtering based on user role.
Output: List of Payment objects.
/api/v1/payments/payouts/ (GET):
Logic for providers to view their earnings and payout history/status.
Queries completed bookings and associated payment data for the authenticated provider.
Output: Summary of earnings, list of payout records (if a separate Payout model is used, or derived from Payment/Booking data).
/api/v1/payments/payout-requests/ (POST): (Based on Screen Breakdown mention, assuming a distinct endpoint from /payouts/ GET)
Logic for a provider to request a payout of accumulated earnings.
Creates a Payout record (if applicable) or triggers a process to initiate a payout via the payment gateway API (provider side).
Requires authentication and must be initiated by a provider.
Input: Amount to payout, provider's linked bank/payment account details.
Output: Payout request status.
/api/v1/messages/threads/ (GET):
Logic to list chat threads the authenticated user is a participant in.
Threads should typically be linked to a specific Booking or Bid.
Output: List of MessageThread objects (or serialized representation of threads, including recent message snippet).
/api/v1/messages/{thread_id}/ (GET):
Logic to retrieve all messages within a specific chat thread.
Restricted to users who are participants in the specified thread (linked via the associated booking/bid).
Output: List of Message objects within the thread. (Sending messages will typically use WebSockets).
/api/v1/notifications/ (GET):
Logic to list the authenticated user's notifications.
Implement filtering (e.g., unread).
Output: List of Notification objects.
/api/v1/notifications/ (PUT):
Logic to mark one or more notifications as read.
Input: List of notification IDs to mark as read.
Requires authentication and restricted to the recipient of the notifications.
Output: Status message or updated notifications list.
4.Guidance on implementing permissions using DRF's permission_classes to ensure only authorized users (customers, providers, participants in a transaction/thread) can access and modify relevant payment, payout, message, and notification data.
5.An outline of how external payment gateway integration will work from the backend perspective, including making API calls for initiating payments and triggering payouts, and the necessity of handling webhooks from the gateway for asynchronous updates (like payment success/failure notifications).
6.An outline of how real-time messaging and notifications will primarily rely on Django Channels (WebSockets) for sending messages within threads and pushing notifications to users, while the DRF APIs handle historical data retrieval and status updates.
7.Instructions for ensuring atomic transactions for sensitive operations like payment confirmation updating booking status.
Output: A detailed, step-by-step guide covering the implementation of Serializers and Views for the specified endpoints, the required permissions, integration notes for payment gateways and WebSockets, and considerations for data integrity and security.
By implementing these APIs, you will establish the crucial financial and communication pipelines necessary for a functional service marketplace, moving closer to a complete backend.

Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 7th prompt.

Okay, building upon the implementation of Payment, Payout, Messaging, and Notification APIs from Prompt 6, the next crucial phase in completing your Prbal backend involves solidifying trust, ensuring quality, and making the AI features smarter. This means implementing the comprehensive Verification Workflow for providers, building out the detailed Review System (including provider responses), and creating the necessary APIs to collect AI Feedback Data for continuous model improvement. These steps are essential for maintaining a trusted marketplace and enhancing the AI's effectiveness, directly addressing key features identified in the sources like "Background Verification & Trusted Experts" and pervasive AI integration.
We will continue to rely on Django REST Framework (DRF), enforce granular permissioning, and consider the integration points for external services (like background check APIs) and internal processes (like background tasks for workflows).
Based on the sources and our conversation history, here is the seventh prompt in your CETO series:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 7: Implementing Verification, Detailed Review, and AI Feedback APIs
Context: The core transaction flow (bidding, booking, payments) and basic communication (messaging, notifications retrieval) are now in place following Prompt 6. To elevate the Prbal App's reliability, quality, and intelligence, we must fully implement the provider verification workflow, enable detailed customer reviews with provider responses, and establish mechanisms to collect user interaction data to refine the AI models. This phase focuses on building APIs that handle sensitive verification data securely, manage rich review content and interactions, and systematically gather feedback to make the AI smarter, reinforcing the platform's commitment to "trusted services," "Background Verification & Trusted Experts," and "AI assistance".
Expert Persona: Continue as a seasoned Backend Architect and Django/DRF expert with a strong focus on security, workflow automation, and data-driven system improvement. Guide the implementation of the multi-stage verification process, design the review system to be transparent and interactive, and lay the foundation for an AI feedback loop, emphasizing data integrity, security, and the interconnectedness of these features for building platform trust and intelligence.
Task: Provide a comprehensive, step-by-step guide to implementing the core API endpoints and backend logic for the Verification Workflow, Detailed Review System, and AI Feedback Collection for the Prbal App using Django and DRF. This must include:
1.Instructions for ensuring you have the necessary Django models (VerificationModel, ReviewModel, AISuggestionModel - or equivalent, as identified in sources) correctly defined and integrated. These models should link relevant users (UserModel), bookings (BookingModel), bids (BidModel), services (ServiceModel), and potentially store sensitive data securely (documentUrl in VerificationModel).
2.Guidance on creating DRF Serializers for the relevant models (VerificationModel, ReviewModel, AISuggestionModel).
Serializers should handle the translation between models and JSON for various operations (listing, detail, creation, updates).
For verification, handle fields like type, status, documentType, documentUrl, verificationNotes, rejectionReason. Serializers need careful handling of sensitive documentUrl for security.
For reviews, handle fields like rating, comment, images, providerResponse, providerResponseDate. Ensure serializers can serialize associated Booking and User (reviewer, provider) details. Image uploads and serialization need specific consideration.
For AI suggestions, handle fields like userId, serviceProviderId, serviceId, type, suggestedAmount, suggestedMessage, confidenceScore, isUsed.
3.Developing DRF Views (using APIView or Viewsets) to handle the logic for the following essential endpoints, strictly adhering to the structure identified in the sources and enforcing permissions:
/api/v1/verifications/ (GET):
Logic to list all verification requests/statuses submitted by the authenticated user (typically a provider).
Output: List of VerificationModel objects for the user.
/api/v1/verifications/ (POST):
Logic for a provider to initiate a new verification request and upload documents (e.g., for identity, address, professional types).
Input: type, documentType, documentFile (for upload).
Logic should create a VerificationModel instance with 'pending' status and securely store the uploaded file.
/api/v1/verifications/{id}/ (GET):
Logic to retrieve details of a specific verification request.
Restricted to the user who submitted the verification or platform administrators.
Output: Single VerificationModel object.
/api/v1/verifications/{id}/ (PUT/PATCH):
Logic primarily for backend/admin processes or integration webhooks to update the status (inProgress, verified, rejected), add verificationNotes, or rejectionReason.
Note: A user (provider) might use this endpoint for submitting additional documents if a verification was rejected.
Requires appropriate permissions (admin, potentially a dedicated system user for webhook processing).
/api/v1/reviews/ (GET):
Logic to list reviews. Allow filtering by provider_id, customer_id, booking_id, or service_id.
Permissions: Can be public for viewing provider reviews, but potentially restricted for full details or internal review data.
Output: List of ReviewModel objects.
/api/v1/reviews/ (POST):
Logic for a customer to submit a new review for a completed booking.
Input: booking_id, rating, comment, images (file uploads).
Requires authentication and must be initiated by the customer associated with the specified, completed Booking.
Handle secure image uploads and associate them with the review.
/api/v1/reviews/{id}/ (GET):
Logic to retrieve details of a specific review.
Permissions: Can be public, but providerResponse might have visibility rules.
Output: Single ReviewModel object with all details.
/api/v1/reviews/{id}/response/ (POST/PUT):
Logic for a provider to add or update their providerResponse to a specific review.
Input: response_text.
Requires authentication and restricted to the provider who received the review.
Updates the providerResponse and providerResponseDate fields in the ReviewModel.
/api/v1/ai-feedback/log/ (POST): (Hypothetical endpoint derived from the need for AI feedback)
Logic to log user interactions relevant to AI suggestions. This could include:
Marking a specific AI suggestion (AISuggestionModel instance) as isUsed.
Logging when a bid with an AI suggestion is accepted.
Logging when a booking created from a bid with an AI suggestion is completed.
Logging user actions related to other AI suggestions (e.g., clicking on a recommended service, accepting a suggested message).
Input: Data identifying the user, the AI suggestion ID, the relevant action (e.g., 'accepted_bid', 'marked_used', 'clicked_recommendation'), and any associated data (e.g., booking ID, service ID).
Requires authentication.
Output: Status message (e.g., success).
4.Guidance on implementing permissions using DRF's permission_classes to ensure strict access control for verification data (only the user or admin), reviews (viewable widely, but posting/responding is role-based and linked to the transaction), and AI feedback logging (authenticated users). Use object-level permissions where necessary.
5.Explanation of the Verification Workflow backend logic: Describe how document uploads trigger status changes, how backend processes (potentially using asynchronous tasks like Celery) might call external background check APIs, and how webhooks or polling might update the VerificationModel status based on external service responses. Emphasize secure storage and handling of uploaded documents.
6.Guidance on handling image uploads for reviews securely and efficiently, potentially using cloud storage and background processing for resizing/optimization.
7.An outline of how the collected AI feedback data from /api/v1/ai-feedback/log/ will be used to inform offline AI model retraining processes. This backend task (potentially a separate script or service) would periodically read this logged data, update/retrain AI models, and potentially update confidenceScore or other relevant fields in the AISuggestionModel or associated models over time.
Output: A detailed, step-by-step guide covering the implementation of Serializers and Views for the specified endpoints, the required granular permissions, a description of the backend verification workflow including external integration and background tasks, guidance on handling review images and provider responses, and the design for collecting and utilizing AI feedback data for model improvement.
By implementing these features, you will significantly enhance the Prbal App's trustworthiness through verification, improve service quality visibility via detailed reviews, and establish a critical feedback loop to continuously improve the AI-powered features, moving closer to a complete, intelligent, and reliable service marketplace backend.

Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 8th prompt.

Okay, let's craft the eighth prompt in your CETO series, building upon the established backend infrastructure from Prompt 7, which included Verification, Reviews, and initial AI Feedback collection. This phase will focus on making the platform smarter and more efficient by implementing advanced search/filtering, creating the necessary APIs for AI suggestions to be consumed, and setting up the crucial background processes for AI model retraining and workflow automation.
Here is Prompt 8:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 8: Implementing Advanced Search, Consumable AI Suggestions, and Background Task Processing
Context: With the core transaction flows, communication channels, verification submission, review submission/viewing, and initial AI feedback data collection APIs in place (from Prompts 6 & 7), the next critical steps are to enhance user discovery through advanced search and filtering, make the AI-powered suggestions readily available to the frontend, and establish the necessary asynchronous backend infrastructure to process verification workflows and enable AI model retraining based on the collected feedback. This phase focuses on improving the platform's intelligence and operational efficiency, directly supporting features like "Smart Algorithm Matching," "Smart Bidding," "Background Verification," and the use of "AI assistance" for continuous improvement.
Expert Persona: Continue as a seasoned Backend Architect and Django/DRF expert, but now with a specific focus on data processing pipelines, search optimization, and asynchronous task management. Guide the implementation of filtered search capabilities, design robust endpoints for AI suggestion retrieval, and establish the Celery (or similar) background task queue, emphasizing efficient processing, data flow for AI, and secure handling of tasks.
Task: Provide a comprehensive, step-by-step guide to implementing the core API endpoints and backend logic for Advanced Search, Consumable AI Suggestions, and Background Task Processing for the Prbal App using Django and DRF. This must include:
1.Guidance on setting up an asynchronous task queue like Celery within the Django project. This involves:
Installing necessary packages (celery, redis or other broker/backend).
Configuring Celery in settings.py.
Creating a celery.py file to define the Celery app instance.
Ensuring Celery workers can run alongside the Django server in the development environment.
2.Defining asynchronous tasks (@shared_task) for key backend processes:
A task to handle the complex Verification Workflow processing (e.g., process_verification_request). This task would be triggered from the /api/v1/verifications/ (POST) or /api/v1/verifications/{id}/ (PUT/PATCH) endpoints. It would contain logic for validating document uploads, calling external background check APIs, potentially involving human review steps (simulated initially or noted as integration points), and updating the VerificationModel status (inProgress, verified, rejected) and notes.
A task to trigger AI Model Retraining (e.g., retrain_ai_model). This task would be triggered periodically (e.g., daily/weekly via a Celery beat schedule or admin action) or potentially after a significant volume of new AI feedback data is logged. It would contain logic to read logged feedback data (from the system processing the /api/v1/ai-feedback/log/ calls), prepare the data, and initiate the AI model retraining process. Note: The actual AI model retraining logic itself might reside in a separate service/script, but this task would handle the triggering and data provision for that process.
3.Implementing the API Endpoint for Logging AI Feedback Data: Finalize the implementation of the /api/v1/ai-feedback/log/ (POST) endpoint outlined in Prompt 7's task. This endpoint should receive data specifying which AI suggestion (AISuggestionModel instance) was involved and what action the user took (e.g., 'accepted_bid', 'marked_used', 'ignored', 'clicked_recommendation'). This data is crucial for the retrain_ai_model background task. The endpoint should log this interaction securely.
4.Developing/Refining DRF Views and Serializers for Consumable AI Suggestions:
Refine the /api/v1/ai-suggestions/ endpoint (or create more specific ones) to allow the frontend to request different types of AI suggestions (e.g., bidAmount, message, scheduling) for a given context (user, service, potential provider). The API spec mentions /api/bids/smart-price/. A structure like /api/v1/ai-suggestions/{type}/ (GET/POST) or a single endpoint with a type query parameter might be appropriate.
Logic should fetch relevant data (UserModel, ServiceModel, BidModel, etc.), call the AI service/logic (which might involve triggering another asynchronous task if computationally intensive), and return the suggestion(s) along with their confidenceScore.
Ensure the AISuggestionModel is updated/logged when a suggestion is generated and potentially when it is presented to the user (before they act on it).
5.Developing DRF Views and Serializers for Advanced Search and Filtering:
Enhance the /api/v1/services/ and potentially /api/v1/users/ (for providers) GET endpoints to accept query parameters for filtering:
category
subcategory
location (city, area, or proximity based on lat/lng)
hourly_rate or price_range
rating (minimum)
skills (for providers)
availability
Keywords for searching name or description
Implement the backend logic in the Views to filter the queryset based on these parameters. Consider using Django's ORM filtering or potentially a search library like Django REST Framework Filters or Django Haystack for more complex search capabilities.
Ensure Serializers correctly represent the data for search results, potentially including relevant provider details or service previews.
Consider a dedicated /api/v1/search/ endpoint that can search across both Services and Providers, requiring a more complex view logic.
6.Implementing appropriate Permissions (permission_classes) and potentially object-level permissions to ensure:
AI feedback logging requires authentication.
Access to raw AI feedback data or the ability to trigger retraining tasks is restricted to administrators or internal system users.
Verification processing tasks are triggered internally or via secure webhooks.
Advanced search can be public, but detailed results might require authentication depending on data sensitivity.
7.Updating Django Admin to allow administrators to view logged AI feedback data and potentially manually trigger AI retraining tasks.
Output: A detailed, step-by-step guide covering the setup and configuration of an asynchronous task queue, the definition and triggering of background tasks for verification and AI retraining, the implementation of the AI feedback logging API, the refinement of AI suggestion endpoints for frontend consumption, the development of advanced search/filtering APIs, and the application of necessary permissions and admin interface updates.
By implementing these features, you will enable crucial background processes for workflow automation and AI improvement, significantly enhance the user's ability to discover services and providers, and make the platform's intelligence features fully accessible to the frontend, bringing your backend closer to a robust and data-driven system.


Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 9th prompt.

Okay, let's define the ninth prompt in your CETO sequence. Building on the infrastructure established in Prompt 8 – which included setting up asynchronous tasks for verification workflow and AI retraining, implementing the AI feedback logging API, creating the API endpoints for AI suggestion retrieval, and adding basic search/filtering – Prompt 9 will focus on completing the core transactional loops and adding essential real-time communication features. This involves fully implementing payments, managing the complete booking lifecycle, integrating a comprehensive review system, embedding AI suggestions within the actual bidding/booking workflows, and setting up real-time chat and notifications.
Here is Prompt 9:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 9: Completing Transactional Flows, Real-time Features, and Workflow Integration
Context: With the foundational APIs, data models, database structure, user authentication, service/profile listing, initial bidding/booking creation, verification initiation, review viewing/submission (initial), AI suggestion endpoints, AI feedback logging, advanced search, and asynchronous task infrastructure for verification/retraining triggers in place (from Prompts 6, 7, & 8), the Prbal backend is now ready for the implementation of complete transaction lifecycles, real-time user interaction, and the full integration of AI suggestions into operational workflows. This phase is about finalizing the core user journeys for booking, payment, and feedback, while adding the crucial real-time layer for dynamic updates and communication.
Expert Persona: Continue as a seasoned Backend Architect and Django/DRF expert, now specializing in transaction integrity, real-time systems, third-party service orchestration (especially payments and potentially chat/notifications via external services if not using pure Channels), and complex workflow state management. Guide the implementation of secure payment processing flows, robust booking lifecycle updates, a comprehensive review and rating system (including provider responses), setting up real-time communication using Django Channels, and fully embedding AI suggestions into the Smart Bidding and Booking processes, emphasizing data consistency and user experience.
Task: Provide a comprehensive, step-by-step guide to implementing the core API endpoints and backend logic for Payments, Real-time Communication (Chat & Notifications), Complete Booking Lifecycle Management, Reviews & Ratings (including Provider Responses), and Workflow Integration of AI Suggestions for the Prbal App using Django and DRF. This must include:
1.Implementing the Full Payment Processing Flow:
Develop the backend logic for the /api/v1/payments/initiate/ (POST) endpoint. This involves receiving booking details (booking_id) and amount, interacting with the chosen third-party payment gateway (e.g., Stripe, Razorpay) to create a payment intent or charge, and saving the initial payment record in the PaymentModel with a status like 'pending'.
Implement the /api/v1/payments/confirm/ (POST) endpoint. This endpoint receives confirmation from the frontend (or a payment gateway webhook) after the user completes the payment. It should verify the payment status with the gateway and update the PaymentModel status (e.g., to 'completed', 'failed'). Crucially, upon successful payment confirmation for a booking, this logic must update the associated BookingModel status (e.g., from 'pending' to 'confirmed' or 'paid').
Develop the /api/v1/payments/payout/ (POST) endpoint. This endpoint allows providers to request a payout of their accumulated earnings. The backend logic should calculate the payable amount (based on completed bookings and fees), initiate the payout process with the payment gateway's payout functionality, and record the payout transaction (potentially in the PaymentModel or a separate Payout model). Implement logic for tracking totalBookings for providers on the UserModel.
Ensure all payment endpoints handle sensitive data securely and implement appropriate error handling for gateway communication and transaction failures.
2.Setting Up Real-time Communication using Django Channels:
Integrate Django Channels into the project. Install channels and a compatible ASGI server (like Daphne or Uvicorn). Configure settings.py with the ASGI application and channel layers (e.g., using Redis for production).
Define WebSocket Consumers for key real-time features:
Chat Consumer: Implement logic for users (UserModel instances) to send and receive messages within specific chat threads. This involves saving messages to the database (MessageModel, if needed, or potentially integrating with a real-time database like Firebase Firestore as discussed). Messages should be associated with users and booking/bid contexts.
Notification Consumer: Implement logic to push real-time notifications to users. These notifications should be triggered by backend events, such as: new bid requests, bid acceptance/rejection, booking status changes, new messages, verification status updates (triggered by the background task from Prompt 8), new reviews. Notifications should be stored in the NotificationModel and marked as read via the /api/v1/notifications/{id}/ PUT endpoint.
Wire up the WebSocket URLs to route incoming connections to the appropriate consumers.
Ensure that relevant API views and background tasks trigger the sending of messages or notifications via the channel layer upon completing actions (e.g., /api/v1/bids/{id}/accept/ sending a notification to the customer and provider).
3.Implementing Complete Booking Lifecycle Management:
Refine the logic for the /api/v1/bookings/{id}/status/ (PUT/PATCH) endpoint. Implement robust state transitions based on user roles and current status (e.g., only a provider can mark a booking 'inProgress' or 'completed', only a customer/provider can initiate cancellation, rescheduling logic updating isRescheduled and rescheduledDate).
Integrate with payment confirmation (as above) to transition bookings from 'pending' to 'confirmed'/'paid'.
Ensure that status updates trigger relevant notifications via the real-time channels.
Implement basic Calendar Sync integration (or outline the steps for integrating with Google Calendar API or similar), triggered potentially when a booking is confirmed or rescheduled.
4.Implementing a Comprehensive Reviews & Ratings System:
Refine the /api/v1/reviews/ (POST) endpoint. Ensure it correctly associates reviews with the BookingModel, the customer (clientId), and the provider (providerId). Handle the storage of comment, rating, and optional images.
Implement the ability for providers to respond to reviews via the /api/v1/reviews/{id}/ (PUT/PATCH) endpoint, updating the providerResponse and providerResponseDate fields in the ReviewModel.
Develop logic to calculate and update the provider's aggregate rating and increment totalBookings on the UserModel whenever a review is submitted for a completed booking. This calculation should ideally be done asynchronously to avoid delaying the API response.
Ensure the /api/v1/reviews/ GET endpoint supports filtering (e.g., by serviceId, providerId, bookingId) to retrieve relevant reviews for service/provider detail screens and provider dashboards. The ReviewModel also includes fields like ratingBreakdown and isVerified, suggesting a need to handle more granular rating details and verification status of reviews.
5.Integrating AI Suggestions into Workflow Logic:
Update the logic in the /api/v1/bids/ (POST) endpoint to fully integrate the AI-suggested amount (suggestedAmount). When a provider places a bid, the system should compare the provider's entered amount with the AI suggestion provided earlier (via /api/v1/ai-suggestions/). While the provider sets the final bid amount, the backend should be aware of the AI suggestion for tracking/analytics purposes. The isAISuggested field in BidModel indicates this awareness.
Ensure the logic that logs AI feedback (implemented in Prompt 8 via /api/v1/ai-feedback/log/) is correctly triggered from relevant points in the payment, booking, and bid lifecycle (e.g., when a suggested bid is accepted, or a booking resulting from an AI-matched profile is completed). Update the isUsed status on the AISuggestionModel.
6.Refining Location/Geo-spatial Filtering:
Implement detailed filtering logic on /api/v1/services/ and /api/v1/users/ (for providers) GET endpoints to handle location based queries. This could involve filtering by city, area, or using geo-spatial queries (e.g., finding providers within a certain radius of a customer's location, potentially using GeoDjango with PostgreSQL's PostGIS extension). The /api/v1/services/nearby/ endpoint is explicitly mentioned for this.
7.Applying Necessary Permissions: Reiterate and apply stringent permission_classes and object-level permissions (DjangoModelPermissions, IsAuthenticated, custom permissions) to all newly implemented/refined endpoints and WebSocket consumers to ensure:
Only authorized users can initiate or confirm payments for their bookings/payouts.
Chat messages are only accessible to participants in the thread/booking.
Notifications are only sent to the relevant user.
Booking statuses can only be updated by the correct party at the correct stage.
Reviews can only be submitted by the customer after service completion and responded to by the provider.
Sensitive payment or verification data is never exposed via public APIs.
8.Updating Django Admin: Enhance the Django Admin interface to provide administrators with tools to monitor payments, view booking statuses and history, manage reviews (e.g., moderate inappropriate comments), view logged AI suggestions and feedback, and potentially view chat history (while respecting privacy).
Output: A detailed, step-by-step guide covering the implementation of secure payment processing flows (initiation, confirmation, payouts), the setup and implementation of real-time chat and notifications using Django Channels, the development of comprehensive logic for booking lifecycle management, the implementation of a full reviews and ratings system including provider responses and aggregate rating calculation, the integration of AI suggestions into the core bidding/booking workflows with feedback logging, enhanced location-based filtering, the application of robust permissions, and updates to the Django Admin interface.
By completing these steps, your backend will support the full transactional loops of service request, bidding, booking, payment, and feedback, alongside providing essential real-time communication and operational intelligence powered by AI, bringing it very close to production readiness for core features.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Can you give me 10 prompts according CETO approach (Context, Expert Persona, Task, and Output) with full details to start to complete my backend is running with all APIs, with models, and with database tables, give me 10th prompt.

Okay, here is the 10th and final prompt in your CETO sequence for completing the Prbal backend and preparing it for production. This prompt focuses on the essential steps needed after core features, transactional flows, and real-time systems are implemented. It covers deployment readiness, security hardening, monitoring, testing finalization, and maintenance considerations.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CETO Prompt 10: Production Readiness, Security Hardening, Monitoring, and Maintenance
Context: With the core APIs, data models, database structure, user authentication, service/profile listing, bidding/booking lifecycle management, payment processing, verification workflow, comprehensive review system, real-time communication (chat/notifications via Channels), AI suggestion integration, asynchronous tasks, advanced search/filtering, and initial Django Admin setup now implemented (from Prompts 1-9), the Prbal backend is functionally complete in terms of core user features. This final backend phase focuses on transforming the functional application into a production-ready, secure, scalable, and maintainable system. It addresses deployment infrastructure, robust monitoring, comprehensive security measures, final testing, and operational planning.
Expert Persona: Assume the role of a seasoned DevOps Engineer and Backend Architect, specializing in cloud deployment, application security, performance monitoring, scalability, and site reliability engineering (SRE) for Django applications. Guide the process of preparing the backend for production environments like AWS, GCP, or Azure, ensuring it is secure against common vulnerabilities, performs optimally under load, provides visibility into its health and usage, and is built for maintainability and resilience.
Task: Provide a comprehensive, step-by-step guide to finalize the Prbal backend development for production deployment and ongoing operations. This must include:
1.Deployment Strategy and Infrastructure Setup:
Define the cloud hosting environment (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure).
Implement containerization (e.g., using Docker) for the Django application and potentially other components.
Set up an orchestration platform (e.g., AWS ECS, Kubernetes) for managing container deployment, scaling, and load balancing.
Configure the primary relational database (PostgreSQL or MySQL) on a managed service (e.g., AWS RDS, GCP Cloud SQL), ensuring proper sizing and security settings.
Set up a dedicated service for the channel layer (e.g., ElasticCache Redis on AWS, Memorystore on GCP) for Django Channels in a production environment.
Configure object storage (e.g., AWS S3, GCP Cloud Storage) for handling user-uploaded media files (documentUrl in VerificationModel, images in ReviewModel, service/profile images), and potentially a Content Delivery Network (CDN) (e.g., CloudFront) for global delivery of static and media files.
Set up a CI/CD pipeline (as outlined in source) to automate testing, building Docker images, security scanning, and deploying to staging and production environments.
2.Configuration Management and Environment Variables:
Transition sensitive settings and environment-specific configurations (database credentials, secret keys, API keys for payment gateways, verification services, SMS/Email services, cloud storage, AI service endpoints, JWT secrets) from settings.py into environment variables or a secure configuration store.
Ensure DEBUG is set to False and ALLOWED_HOSTS is correctly configured for the production domain(s).
3.Database Optimization and Management:
Review and add database indexes to frequently queried fields (e.g., foreign keys, created_at/updated_at, status fields, potentially geo-spatial indexes if using PostGIS for location queries).
Implement a robust database backup and restore strategy.
Configure database connection pooling if necessary to manage database connections efficiently under high load.
Review Django ORM queries for potential N+1 issues and optimize using select_related and prefetch_related.
4.Background Task Management and Monitoring:
Ensure the asynchronous task queue (Celery or similar) is properly configured for production, potentially using multiple worker nodes.
Implement monitoring for task queues to track pending, in-progress, failed, and scheduled tasks (e.g., using Celery Flower).
Implement robust error handling and retry logic for background tasks, especially those interacting with external third-party services (verification, payment payouts, potentially AI model calls).
5.Real-time System Scaling and Monitoring:
Configure Django Channels to use the production channel layer (Redis).
Ensure the ASGI server (Daphne or Uvicorn) is configured for performance and deployed appropriately within the container orchestration.
Implement monitoring for WebSocket connections and message throughput.
6.Comprehensive Security Hardening:
Implement rate limiting on critical endpoints (e.g., login, registration, bid submission, review submission, AI suggestions).
Reinforce input validation on all API endpoints using DRF serializers and model constraints.
Implement appropriate HTTP security headers (e.g., HSTS, Content Security Policy).
Regularly run security vulnerability scanners (like Bandit for Python code, or general web application scanners) as part of the CI/CD pipeline.
Ensure sensitive data (like verification documents, payment details if temporarily stored) is encrypted at rest and in transit.
Configure CORS with strict origins allowed.
Review and refine all permission classes and object-level permissions to ensure no unauthorized data access or actions are possible.
Implement robust protection against CSRF, XSS, SQL injection, and clickjacking attacks, leveraging Django/DRF built-in features.
7.Logging, Monitoring, and Alerting:
Configure structured logging for the Django application, capturing key request details, errors, warnings, and relevant business events.
Set up a centralized logging system (e.g., ELK stack, Datadog, CloudWatch Logs) to aggregate logs from all backend instances.
Implement performance monitoring using tools like New Relic or Datadog to track API response times (P95, 99.5% mentioned as key metrics), database query performance, and resource utilization.
Set up error tracking with a service like Sentry to capture and report application errors in real-time.
Develop a business metrics dashboard (e.g., in Grafana) to track key performance indicators (KPIs) like bid conversion rate (15-20% benchmark mentioned), number of bookings, successful payments, user growth, etc.
Configure an alerting system (SMS/Email alerts) for critical issues (e.g., high error rates, service downtime, queue backlogs).
8.API Documentation:
Generate comprehensive API documentation using OpenAPI (Swagger) by integrating a tool like drf-spectacular or drf-yasg with your Django project. Ensure all endpoints, request/response schemas, and authentication requirements are clearly documented.
9.Testing Strategy Finalization:
Ensure comprehensive unit, integration, and end-to-end tests are implemented and integrated into the CI/CD pipeline.
Define and track test coverage targets for critical code paths.
Perform load testing to understand the backend's capacity and identify bottlenecks before production launch.
10.Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity:
Plan and implement disaster recovery procedures for the database and application servers.
Ensure redundancy and failover mechanisms are in place for critical components.
11.Admin Panel Refinements:
Enhance the Django Admin interface or build dedicated internal tools for operational tasks such as viewing system health, monitoring background tasks/queues, reviewing logged errors, accessing business metrics summaries, and performing critical data management tasks (e.g., moderating reviews [102 (implies moderation)], managing user statuses, potentially manually triggering verifications or payouts in exceptional cases).
12.Maintenance Planning:
Establish a plan for regular security patches, dependency updates, and application maintenance.
Output: A detailed, step-by-step guide covering the complete process of taking the functionally complete Prbal backend to a production-ready state, including deployment infrastructure setup, secure configuration, database management, background task and real-time system scaling, comprehensive security hardening, setting up robust logging, monitoring, and alerting systems, finalizing API documentation and testing, and planning for ongoing maintenance and disaster recovery.
By successfully completing these steps, your Prbal backend will be architected, implemented, and configured not just to function, but to thrive in a production environment, providing a reliable, secure, and scalable foundation for the Prbal service marketplace.

So thick now, I started my project backend, so this is a guide to start and complete my backend, which is running with all APIs, models, and database tables with AI.

Okay, I understand you've started your project's backend and are looking for a comprehensive guide or roadmap to complete it, ensuring it includes all the necessary APIs, data models, database tables, and AI integration. Based on the sources and our conversation history, the planned backend architecture for the Prbal App is a Django REST API backend, leveraging a robust relational database like PostgreSQL or MySQL and integrating AI functionalities.
Here is a guide to help you build out and complete your Django backend, incorporating the key components and features outlined in the sources:
1. Foundation and Core Backend Development
• Project Setup: Ensure your basic Django project and virtual environment are set up, with Django and Django REST Framework (DRF) installed.
• Database Configuration: Configure your chosen relational database (PostgreSQL/MySQL) with Django's Object-Relational Mapper (ORM).
• User Management & Authentication: Implement the User Model (e.g., UserModel mapping to User in Django) which distinguishes between customer and service provider types. Set up authentication (registration, login, logout, token refresh) and authorization using DRF, potentially using JWT tokens. Implement robust permission classes for fine-grained access control based on user roles. Define API endpoints for these functionalities (e.g., /api/auth/register/, /api/auth/login/, /api/users/me/).
• Core Data Models: Define and migrate all other core Django models (ServiceModel, BidModel, BookingModel, ReviewModel, PaymentModel, VerificationModel, AISuggestionModel, ProductModel, Data Model) using Django's ORM, mapping them accurately from the specified data structures.
• Basic CRUD API Endpoints: Develop the initial RESTful API endpoints and DRF serializers for Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) operations on these core models. durgass include /api/services/, /api/bids/, /api/bookings/, /api/reviews/, /api/payments/, /api/verifications/, /api/products/.
• Admin Interface: Configure Django Admin for easy data management and initial data seeding.
• File Structure: Organize your code following the recommended Django project structure with dedicated apps for each functional domain (e.g., users, services, bids, bookings, etc.).
2. Feature Development & Business Logic
• Service Management: Build the logic and API endpoints to manage service categories (/api/services/categories/) and listings (/api/services/, /api/services/{id}/), including location-based aspects and availability.
• Bidding System: Implement the core logic for the bidding engine, including placing new bids (/api/bids/ POST), listing bids (/api/bids/ GET), updating bids (/api/bids/{id}/ PUT), and crucially, accepting (/api/bids/{id}/accept/ POST/PATCH) and rejecting bids (/api/bids/{id}/reject/ PATCH).
• Booking & Scheduling: Develop the logic for creating bookings (often linked to an accepted bid, /api/bookings/ POST), listing user bookings (/api/bookings/ GET), getting booking details (/api/bookings/{id}/ GET), and updating booking status (/api/bookings/{id}/status/ PUT), including cancellation (/api/bookings/{id}/cancel/ POST) and rescheduling. Calendar integration can be supported via an API endpoint (e.g., /api/integrations/calendar/sync/).
• Review System: Implement fetching reviews (/api/reviews/ GET) and submitting new reviews (/api/reviews/ POST). Logic for updating reviews (e.g., adding provider response) (/api/reviews/{id}/ PUT) is also needed.
• Payment Processing: Develop the logic and API endpoints for handling payments, integrating with a third-party payment gateway (e.g., Stripe, PayPal). This includes initiating payment transactions (/api/payments/initiate/ POST) and potentially handling payouts for providers (/api/payments/payout/ POST).
• Verification Workflow: Implement the complex verification process defined by the VerificationModel. This involves API endpoints for users to upload documents (/api/verifications/ POST/PUT) and track status (/api/verifications/ GET). Backend logic should manage the workflow, potentially involving human review and calls to external background verification services (/api/integrations/verify/ POST) via asynchronous tasks.
3. AI Integration
• AI Services Module/Microservice: Create a specialized module within your Django app structure, or potentially a separate microservice (especially for complex/computationally intensive models), dedicated to AI logic.
• AI Endpoints: Expose dedicated API endpoints to serve as interfaces for triggering AI model inferences and retrieving suggestions. An durgas is the AI price suggestion for bidding (/api/bids/smart-price/ GET or /api/ai-suggestions/ POST with type='bidAmount').
• AISuggestionModel: Use the AISuggestionModel managed by Django's ORM to store and track AI-generated suggestions (like suggested amounts, messages, scheduling), along with contextual information, confidence scores, and usage status (isUsed). This model helps in tracking and refining AI performance.
• Data Pipeline: Design a robust data pipeline within the backend to collect relevant user interaction data (accepted bids, search queries, booking completions, etc.). Process this data and feed it back to the AI models for retraining and continuous improvement.
4. Integrations
• Integration Layer: Develop a component to orchestrate communication with external third-party services.
• Connect to Payment Gateway APIs (Stripe, PayPal).
• Integrate Mapping/Location Services APIs (e.g., for addresses, service locations, finding nearby services).
• Integrate Background Verification APIs (e.g., Onfido).
• Integrate SMS/Email Services for notifications and verification codes.
• Integrate Calendar APIs (e.g., Google Calendar) for scheduling sync.
5. Real-time Communication
• Integrate Django Channels for WebSocket support on the backend. This is crucial for real-time features like updates on bids, bookings, notifications, and potentially chat. Define notification endpoints (/api/notifications/ GET, PUT) which will complement the real-time WebSocket delivery.
6. Media Handling
• Implement efficient logic for serving media (images for profiles, services, products, reviews, verification documents). Utilize cloud storage (e.g., AWS S3) in production for secure storage and optimized serving. Server-side image processing for optimization is recommended.
7. Offline Support (Sync APIs)
• Implement Sync APIs to support the frontend's offline capabilities. This could include endpoints like /api/sync/profile/ (GET) to download user data, /api/sync/services/ (GET) to download available services, and /api/sync/upload/ (POST) to upload offline changes to the backend.
8. Testing and Deployment Preparation
• Write unit and integration tests for your Django models, serializers, views, and business logic.
• Conduct thorough security audits on the API.
• Optimize backend performance for speed and efficiency.
• Prepare the backend for deployment to a cloud hosting environment (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure).
By systematically building out these components based on the data models and API endpoints defined in the sources, you can complete your Django backend to support all the required features of the Prbal service marketplace, including the intelligent AI functionalities. Remember to prioritize security and verification infrastructure, implement real-time communication early for dynamic features, and maintain an agile, iterative development methodology.
So thick now, I started my project backend to complete it, which is running. So, how many APIs are required in this project?

It's great to hear you've started building the backend for your project! Now that you're focused on completing it and ensuring it's running with all the necessary components, understanding the scope of the required APIs is crucial.
Based on the sources, the Prbal App's backend requires a comprehensive suite of API endpoints to support all the planned functionalities. The sources provide detailed lists and specifications for these APIs, which are designed using a Django REST API backend and adhere to standard RESTful principles, utilizing various HTTP methods (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH) for operations.
While an exact single number can be slightly fluid depending on how you count (e.g., counting each method/endpoint combination vs. distinct endpoint paths), the sources outline approximately 40-50 distinct API endpoint paths across various functional categories.
Here's a breakdown of the key API groups and durgass of endpoints required to complete the backend, drawing from the detailed specifications provided in the sources:
1. Authentication & User Management APIs: These are fundamental for user registration, login, and profile management.
◦ Register new users: /api/v1/auth/register/ (POST)
◦ Authenticate users and generate tokens: /api/v1/auth/login/ (POST)
◦ Logout and invalidate tokens: /api/auth/logout/ (POST)
◦ Refresh JWT tokens: /api/auth/refresh/ (POST)
◦ Manage the current user's profile: /api/v1/users/me/ (GET, PUT, PATCH)
◦ Get details of a specific user (e.g., provider profile): /api/v1/users/{id}/ (GET)
◦ Upload or change user avatars: /api/users/me/avatar/ (POST)
◦ Potentially handle profile matching actions (hypothetical): /api/v1/users/{id}/like/ (POST), /api/v1/users/{id}/pass/ (POST)
2. Service Discovery & Management APIs: These handle listing, creating, updating, and deleting service and product listings.
◦ List all services or products: /api/v1/services/ (GET), /api/v1/products/ (GET)
◦ Create new service or product listings: /api/v1/services/ (POST), /api/v1/products/ (POST)
◦ Get, update, or delete specific listings: /api/v1/services/{id}/ (GET, PUT, DELETE), /api/v1/products/{id}/ (GET, PUT, DELETE)
◦ List predefined service categories: /api/v1/services/categories/ (GET)
◦ Find services nearby: /api/services/nearby/ (GET)
3. Bidding System APIs: Core to the marketplace functionality, these manage the creation, listing, and acceptance/rejection of bids.
◦ Fetch a list of bids (relevant to the user): /api/v1/bids/ (GET)
◦ Create a new bid request or offer: /api/v1/bids/ (POST)
◦ Get details for a specific bid: /api/v1/bids/{id}/ (GET)
◦ Update a bid: /api/bids/{id}/ (PUT)
◦ Accept a specific bid: /api/v1/bids/{id}/accept/ (POST or PATCH)
◦ Reject a specific bid: /api/v1/bids/{id}/reject/ (PUT/PATCH)
4. Booking & Scheduling APIs: Manage the lifecycle of bookings, often linked to accepted bids.
◦ Fetch a list of user bookings: /api/v1/bookings/ (GET)
◦ Create a new booking (often after a bid is accepted): /api/v1/bookings/ (POST)
◦ Get details for a specific booking: /api/v1/bookings/{id}/ (GET)
◦ Update the status of a booking (e.g., confirmed, completed, cancelled): /api/v1/bookings/{id}/status/ (PUT or PATCH)
◦ Cancel a booking: /api/bookings/{id}/cancel/ (POST)
5. Review & Payment APIs: Handle user reviews and process payments.
◦ Fetch a list of reviews: /api/v1/reviews/ (GET)
◦ Submit a new review: /api/v1/reviews/ (POST)
◦ Update a specific review (e.g., add provider response): /api/v1/reviews/{id}/ (PUT)
◦ Initiate payment transactions: /api/v1/payments/initiate/ (POST)
◦ Confirm payments: /api/payments/confirm/ (POST)
◦ Initiate payouts for service providers: /api/v1/payments/payout/ (POST, hypothetical method in but mentioned as requirement)
◦ Get payment history: /api/payments/history/ (GET)
6. Verification APIs: Manage the complex multi-stage verification process for providers.
◦ Fetch the status of user verifications: /api/v1/verifications/ (GET)
◦ Upload documents for verification: /api/v1/verifications/ (POST or PUT)
◦ Start the verification process (may trigger external calls): /api/users/verify/ (POST), /api/integrations/verify/ (POST)
7. AI Suggestion APIs: Interface with AI models to provide suggestions.
◦ Request AI-generated suggestions (e.g., price suggestion for bidding): /api/v1/ai-suggestions/ (POST), /api/bids/smart-price/ (GET)
8. Notification APIs: Although real-time notifications primarily use WebSockets, there are also standard API endpoints.
◦ Fetch historical notifications: /api/v1/notifications/ (GET)
◦ Mark notifications as read (Hypothetical method in): /api/v1/notifications/ (PUT)
9. Messaging APIs: Needed for in-app chat functionality.
◦ List message threads: /api/messages/threads/ (GET)
◦ Get messages within a thread, send messages: /api/messages/{thread}/ (GET, POST)
10. Offline Support (Sync APIs): To enable offline functionality for the frontend.
◦ Download user profile for offline use: /api/sync/profile/ (GET)
◦ Download available services for offline browsing: /api/sync/services/ (GET)
◦ Upload offline changes to the backend: /api/sync/upload/ (POST)
11. Integration APIs: Endpoints for interacting with external services.
◦ Integrate with calendar services for scheduling sync: /api/integrations/calendar/sync/ (POST)
12. Analytics & Admin APIs: For tracking platform performance and managing data (often admin-panel specific).
◦ Get user analytics dashboard: /api/analytics/overview/ (GET)
◦ Get provider earnings analytics: /api/analytics/earnings/ (GET)
◦ List all users: /api/admin/users/ (GET, Admin required)
◦ List all services: /api/admin/services/ (GET, Admin required)
As you can see, the project requires a substantial number of APIs covering diverse functionalities. The estimated range of 40-50 distinct endpoint paths provides a good scope of the work needed to complete the backend API layer based directly on the provided sources. Each of these endpoints will need corresponding logic in your Django views, serializers, and potentially background tasks.
So thick now, I started my project backend to complete it, which is running. So, how many models are required in this project?
That's excellent news that your backend is running! Now we can dive into the specifics of structuring the data within it.

Based on the sources and our previous discussion, the Prbal App backend, built with Django, requires ten core data models which are derived from the specifications initially outlined for the Flutter frontend. These models define the structure of your database tables and are fundamental to implementing all the application's features.

Here are the ten models in full detail, including their key fields and the functions or requirements they need to support, based on the sources:

1.  UserModel
    *   Purpose: Represents comprehensive user data, accommodating both service seekers (customers) and providers. It's crucial for authentication, authorization, profile management, and tracking user-specific information.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `uid`: Unique identifier for the user (likely derived from authentication system or a UUIDField in Django).
        *   `name`: User's name (CharField).
        *   `email`: User's email address (EmailField, unique).
        *   `phone`: User's phone number (CharField).
        *   `user_type`: Indicates if the user is a 'Customer' or 'Service Provider' (CharField with choices).
        *   `isVerified`: Overall verification status (BooleanField).
        *   `isEmailVerified`: Email verification status (BooleanField).
        *   `isPhoneVerified`: Phone verification status (BooleanField).
        *   `profile_image`: URL or reference to the user's profile picture (URLField or ImageField).
        *   `rating`: Average rating for providers (DecimalField, nullable).
        *   `totalBookings`: Count of completed bookings for providers (IntegerField).
        *   `skills`: Skills possessed by providers (JSONField or ManyToManyField to a Skill model).
        *   `bio`: Provider's biography/description (TextField).
        *   `address`: User's address (TextField or ForeignKey to an Address model).
        *   `preferences`: Map for user preferences (JSONField).
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Handle dual user types. Track multi-layered verification status. Store user preferences. Maintain detailed profile information. Support local caching (handled by frontend, but model design supports it). Authentication and authorization integration.
2.  ServiceModel
    *   Purpose: Represents services offered by professionals. Manages service categories, details, pricing, availability, and location.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `id`: Unique identifier for the service (UUIDField).
        *   `providerId`: Foreign key linking to the `UserModel` representing the service provider (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `name`: Service name/title (CharField).
        *   `description`: Detailed description of the service (TextField).
        *   `category`: Service category (CharField with choices or ForeignKey to a ServiceCategory model).
        *   `subcategories`: Subcategories of the service (JSONField).
        *   `tags`: Keywords or tags for the service (JSONField).
        *   `hourlyRate`: Hourly price for the service (DecimalField).
        *   `pricingOptions`: Flexible pricing options (e.g., fixed price packages) (JSONField).
        *   `availability`: Provider's availability for this service (JSONField).
        *   `minHours`: Minimum hours for booking (IntegerField).
        *   `maxHours`: Maximum hours for booking (IntegerField).
        *   `location`: Text description of the service location (CharField).
        *   `coordinates`: Geo-spatial coordinates for the service location (PointField (GeoDjango)).
        *   `images`: List of images related to the service (JSONField or ManyToManyField to an Image model).
        *   `requiredTools`: Tools required for the service (JSONField).
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Support multiple categories and subcategories. Flexible pricing options. Location-based services. Media attachments. Availability scheduling. CRUD operations via API endpoints.
3.  BidModel
    *   Purpose: Handles the entire lifecycle of a bid within the smart bidding system. Facilitates price suggestions and scheduling proposals.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `id`: Unique identifier for the bid (UUIDField).
        *   `bidderId`: Foreign key linking to the `UserModel` of the customer requesting the bid (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `serviceProviderId`: Foreign key linking to the `UserModel` of the provider placing the bid (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `serviceId`: Foreign key linking to the `ServiceModel` the bid is for (ForeignKey(Service)).
        *   `amount`: The bid amount (DecimalField).
        *   `currency`: Currency of the bid amount (CharField).
        *   `duration`: Proposed duration for the service (CharField).
        *   `scheduledDateTime`: Proposed date and time for the service (DateTimeField).
        *   `status`: Current status of the bid (e.g., pending, accepted, rejected) (CharField with choices).
        *   `acceptedAt`: Timestamp when the bid was accepted (DateTimeField, nullable).
        *   `rejectedAt`: Timestamp when the bid was rejected (DateTimeField, nullable).
        *   `completedAt`: Timestamp when the service (from this bid) was completed (DateTimeField, nullable).
        *   `cancelledAt`: Timestamp when the bid/booking was cancelled (DateTimeField, nullable).
        *   `message`: Message from the provider with the bid (TextField).
        *   `location`: Location relevant to the bid (CharField).
        *   `paymentDetails`: Payment-related details for the bid (JSONField).
        *   `isAISuggested`: Flag indicating if the bid was based on an AI suggestion (BooleanField).
        *   `ai_suggestion`: The AI suggested amount (DecimalField, nullable).
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Track bid lifecycle. Support AI-suggested bids. Handle scheduling. Manage payment details. Support location-based services. CRUD operations. Status updates (accept, reject, cancel).
4.  BookingModel
    *   Purpose: Manages the details and lifecycle of service bookings. Links customers, providers, and services.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `id`: Unique identifier for the booking (UUIDField).
        *   `serviceId`: Foreign key linking to the `ServiceModel` booked (ForeignKey(Service)).
        *   `providerId`: Foreign key linking to the provider `UserModel` (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `clientId`: Foreign key linking to the customer `UserModel` (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `bookingDate`: Date of the booking (DateField).
        *   `startTime`: Start time of the booking (TimeField).
        *   `endTime`: End time of the booking (TimeField).
        *   `address`: Address where the service will take place (TextField).
        *   `location`: Geo-spatial location of the service (PointField (GeoDjango)).
        *   `status`: Current status of the booking (e.g., pending, confirmed, completed) (CharField with choices).
        *   `totalAmount`: Total cost of the booking (DecimalField).
        *   `paymentDetails`: Details about the payment for this booking (JSONField).
        *   `rating`: Rating given for this booking (DecimalField, nullable).
        *   `review`: Text review for this booking (TextField, nullable).
        *   `isRescheduled`: Flag indicating if the booking was rescheduled (BooleanField).
        *   `rescheduledDate`: New date if rescheduled (DateField, nullable).
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Handle booking lifecycle. Support rescheduling. Track location. Manage payments. Handle reviews. CRUD operations. Status updates (confirm, cancel, complete).
5.  ReviewModel
    *   Purpose: Manages service reviews and ratings provided by users. Allows detailed feedback and provider responses.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `id`: Unique identifier for the review (UUIDField).
        *   `bookingId`: Foreign key linking to the related `BookingModel` (ForeignKey(Booking)).
        *   `serviceId`: Foreign key linking to the reviewed `ServiceModel` (ForeignKey(Service)).
        *   `providerId`: Foreign key linking to the reviewed provider `UserModel` (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `clientId`: Foreign key linking to the customer `UserModel` who left the review (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `rating`: Overall rating (DecimalField).
        *   `ratingBreakdown`: Detailed breakdown of the rating (e.g., punctuality, quality) (JSONField).
        *   `comment`: Text comment of the review (TextField).
        *   `images`: Images included with the review (JSONField or ManyToManyField to an Image model).
        *   `isVerified`: Flag indicating if the review is verified (BooleanField).
        *   `providerResponse`: Provider's text response to the review (TextField, nullable).
        *   `providerResponseDate`: Timestamp of the provider's response (DateTimeField, nullable).
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Support detailed ratings. Allow image attachments. Enable provider responses. Track verification status. CRUD operations.
6.  PaymentModel
    *   Purpose: Handles all payment transactions within the app. Tracks transaction status and details.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `id`: Unique identifier for the payment transaction (UUIDField).
        *   `userId`: Foreign key linking to the `UserModel` initiating the payment (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `bookingId`: Foreign key linking to the related `BookingModel` (ForeignKey(Booking)).
        *   `amount`: Amount of the transaction (DecimalField).
        *   `currency`: Currency of the transaction (CharField).
        *   `paymentMethod`: Method used for payment (e.g., card, UPI) (CharField).
        *   `status`: Status of the transaction (e.g., pending, completed, failed) (CharField with choices).
        *   `metadata`: Additional transaction metadata (JSONField).
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Support multiple payment methods. Track payment status. Store transaction metadata. Handle different currencies. Integration with payment gateways. Manage payouts for providers. CRUD operations.
7.  VerificationModel
    *   Purpose: Manages the comprehensive user verification process. Tracks different types of verification and their status.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `id`: Unique identifier for the verification entry (UUIDField).
        *   `userId`: Foreign key linking to the `UserModel` being verified (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `type`: Type of verification (e.g., identity, address, professional, educational, background) (CharField with choices).
        *   `status`: Current status (e.g., unverified, pending, inProgress, verified, rejected) (CharField with choices).
        *   `documentType`: Type of document submitted (CharField).
        *   `documentUrl`: URL or reference to the uploaded verification document (URLField or FileField).
        *   `verificationNotes`: Internal notes about the verification process (TextField, nullable).
        *   `rejectionReason`: Reason for rejection if applicable (TextField, nullable).
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Support multiple verification types. Track verification status. Store document information securely. Handle rejection cases with reasons. Complex workflow management (potentially involving human review and external APIs). Integration with third-party verification services. CRUD operations.
8.  AISuggestionModel
    *   Purpose: Handles AI-generated suggestions for various features. Manages suggestions like bid amounts, messages, and scheduling.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `userId`: Foreign key linking to the user receiving the suggestion (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `serviceProviderId`: Foreign key linking to the provider involved (ForeignKey(User)).
        *   `serviceId`: Foreign key linking to the service involved (ForeignKey(Service)).
        *   `type`: Type of suggestion (e.g., bidAmount, message, scheduling, comprehensive) (CharField with choices).
        *   `suggestedAmount`: Suggested bid amount (DecimalField, nullable).
        *   `suggestedMessage`: Suggested message content (TextField, nullable).
        *   `suggestedDuration`: Suggested duration (CharField, nullable).
        *   `suggestedSchedule`: Suggested scheduling details (JSONField, nullable).
        *   `confidenceScore`: Confidence score of the suggestion (DecimalField).
        *   `isUsed`: Flag indicating if the suggestion was used (BooleanField).
        *   *Implied/Contextual fields:* Contextual data used to generate the suggestion (potentially stored here or referenced).
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Support multiple suggestion types. Track suggestion confidence. Monitor suggestion usage for model improvement. Store reasoning data (implies storage of context/parameters). API endpoints to trigger AI models and retrieve suggestions. Data collection pipeline to feed data back to AI models.
9.  ProductModel
    *   Purpose: Represents products or pre-packaged services available in the marketplace, relevant for businesses like restaurants.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `name`: Product name (CharField).
        *   `description`: Product description (TextField).
        *   `price`: Product price (DecimalField).
        *   `rating`: Average rating for the product (DecimalField).
        *   `reviews`: Count of reviews for the product (IntegerField).
        *   `image`: Image for the product (ImageField or URLField).
        *   `category`: Product category (CharField).
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Display product information. Track ratings and reviews. Support categorization. Handle media content. CRUD operations.
10. Data Model
    *   Purpose: Contains static data and sample content essential for the app's structure and initial population, such as service categories and marketing images.
    *   Key Fields (translating Flutter concept fields to likely Django fields):
        *   `categories`: List of service categories and subcategories (JSONField).
        *   `products`: Sample product data (JSONField).
        *   `carouselBrands`: Marketing images/data for carousels (JSONField).
        *   *Note:* This data might also be managed directly in Django settings, static files, or fixtures rather than a dedicated model, depending on complexity and update frequency. If it's a model, it might be named something like `StaticData`.
    *   Requirements/Implied Functions: Provide category structure. Include sample data. Support marketing content. API endpoints to retrieve this static data.

These ten models form the backbone of your Django backend. Implementing them precisely, including relationships (Foreign Keys), appropriate field types for data integrity (e.g., DecimalField for currency, PointField for location, JSONField for flexible structures), and setting up the corresponding serializers, views, and URLs in Django REST Framework, will lay a solid foundation for the rest of the backend development.

Keep up the great work on getting the backend completed!

So thick now, I started my project backend to complete it, which is running. So, how many database tables are required in this project?

Based on the sources and your query about the database tables needed for your running backend, which we've established is likely the Django REST API backend prioritized in the architecture documentation, we can detail the required database tables, their primary keys, fields, and how they are connected through foreign keys.

It's important to note that while some sources describe the backend using Flutter and Firebase Firestore (a NoSQL database), other, more detailed architectural documents explicitly prioritize a Django REST API backend utilizing a robust relational database like PostgreSQL or MySQL. Given your query about "database tables" with "primary key and foreign key," which are terms specific to relational databases, and the explicit prioritization of the Django backend as the "definitive architectural direction" with the Flutter models serving as the blueprint for the Django schema, this response will focus on the relational database structure implied by the Django backend.

The core functional areas described in the sources correspond to the main entities managed by the backend's business logic modules and exposed via API endpoints. These entities are typically mapped to database tables by Django's ORM.

Here are the required database tables with their details and connections, based on the reconciled information from the sources:

1.  User Table
    *   Purpose: Represents all users of the platform, accommodating both service seekers (customers) and service providers (professionals). This table extends Django's built-in User model.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (UUIDField or Django's default auto-incrementing integer PK). Let's use UUIDField `id` as suggested in model mappings.
    *   Fields:
        *   `uid` (Unique identifier from auth system)
        *   `name` (CharField)
        *   `email` (EmailField)
        *   `phone` (CharField)
        *   `user_type` (CharField with choices, e.g., 'C' for Customer, 'P' for Service Provider)
        *   `is_verified` (BooleanField, default False)
        *   `is_email_verified` (BooleanField)
        *   `is_phone_verified` (BooleanField)
        *   `profile_image` (ImageField or URLField)
        *   `rating` (DecimalField, nullable)
        *   `total_bookings` (IntegerField, tracks completed bookings for providers)
        *   `skills` (JSONField or separate ManyToMany relation)
        *   `bio` (TextField)
        *   `address` (TextField or JSONField for structured address)
        *   `preferences` (JSONField, stores user-specific settings/preferences)
        *   *Inherited from Django AbstractUser:* `username`, `password` (hashed), `first_name`, `last_name`, `is_active`, `is_staff`, `is_superuser`, `date_joined`, `last_login`.
    *   Foreign Keys: None on this table referencing other core Prbal tables. Many other tables will have Foreign Keys pointing *to* the User table.

2.  ServiceCategory Table
    *   Purpose: Manages the different categories under which services are listed.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (Django's default auto-incrementing integer PK).
    *   Fields:
        *   `name` (CharField)
        *   `icon` (CharField, stores icon reference)
    *   Foreign Keys: None.

3.  Service Table
    *   Purpose: Represents individual services offered by service providers.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (UUIDField).
    *   Fields:
        *   `provider` (ForeignKey to User) - Links a service to the provider who offers it.
        *   `category` (ForeignKey to ServiceCategory) - Assigns a service to a category.
        *   `title` (CharField)
        *   `description` (TextField)
        *   `base_price` or `pricing_options` (DecimalField or JSONField for complex pricing structures)
        *   `availability` (JSONField, stores provider's availability)
        *   `location` (PointField for GeoDjango, or CharField/JSONField)
        *   `images` (JSONField storing image URLs or ManyToManyField to an Image table)
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `provider` -> User (One service is offered by one provider)
        *   `category` -> ServiceCategory (One service belongs to one category)

4.  Bid Table
    *   Purpose: Manages bids placed by service providers on service requests (implied context, potentially linked via Service or a separate Request entity).
    *   Primary Key: `id` (UUIDField).
    *   Fields:
        *   `bidder` (ForeignKey to User, the customer who initiated the implicit request) [174, 89 - listed as `bidderId`]
        *   `provider` (ForeignKey to User, the service provider making the bid) [153, 174, 89 - listed as `serviceProviderId` in]
        *   `service` (ForeignKey to Service or a ServiceRequest table) [153, 174, 89 - listed as `serviceId`] - Links the bid to the specific service being requested.
        *   `amount` (DecimalField)
        *   `currency` (CharField)
        *   `duration` (CharField)
        *   `scheduled_date_time` (DateTimeField, proposed time for service)
        *   `status` (CharField with choices: 'Pending', 'Accepted', 'Rejected', plus 'Completed', 'Cancelled', 'Rejected' from lifecycle)
        *   `accepted_at` (DateTimeField, nullable)
        *   `rejected_at` (DateTimeField, nullable)
        *   `completed_at` (DateTimeField, nullable)
        *   `cancelled_at` (DateTimeField, nullable)
        *   `message` (TextField)
        *   `location` (CharField or PointField)
        *   `payment_details` (JSONField, specific to this bid?)
        *   `is_ai_suggested` (BooleanField)
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `bidder` -> User (The customer requesting the service)
        *   `provider` -> User (The provider placing the bid)
        *   `service` -> Service (The service being bid upon)

5.  Booking Table
    *   Purpose: Manages confirmed service bookings between a customer and a provider.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (UUIDField).
    *   Fields:
        *   `service` (ForeignKey to Service) - The service being booked.
        *   `provider` (ForeignKey to User) - The provider for the booking.
        *   `client` (ForeignKey to User) - The customer/client for the booking.
        *   `bid` (ForeignKey to Bid, nullable) - Added based on the flow "Create booking (after bid)", linking a booking to the specific bid that was accepted.
        *   `booking_date` (DateField)
        *   `start_time` (TimeField)
        *   `end_time` (TimeField)
        *   `address` (TextField)
        *   `location` (PointField or CharField)
        *   `status` (CharField with choices: 'pending', 'confirmed', 'inProgress', 'completed', 'cancelled', 'rejected')
        *   `total_amount` (DecimalField)
        *   `payment_details` (JSONField)
        *   `rating` (DecimalField, nullable, stores rating given by client)
        *   `review` (TextField, nullable, stores review comment given by client)
        *   `is_rescheduled` (BooleanField)
        *   `rescheduled_date` (DateField, nullable)
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `service` -> Service (The service booked)
        *   `provider` -> User (The provider performing the service)
        *   `client` -> User (The customer receiving the service)
        *   `bid` -> Bid (The bid that led to this booking - optional)

6.  Review Table
    *   Purpose: Manages reviews and ratings submitted by customers after a booking is completed.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (UUIDField).
    *   Fields:
        *   `booking` (ForeignKey to Booking) - Links a review directly to the completed booking.
        *   `service` (ForeignKey to Service) - Redundant if linked to booking, but included in sources. Links review to the service.
        *   `provider` (ForeignKey to User) - Redundant if linked to booking, but included in sources. Links review to the provider.
        *   `client` (ForeignKey to User) - Redundant if linked to booking, but included in sources. Links review to the client who wrote it.
        *   `rating` (DecimalField) - The overall rating score.
        *   `rating_breakdown` (JSONField, stores detailed ratings, e.g., cleanliness, punctuality)
        *   `comment` (TextField) - The review text.
        *   `images` (JSONField storing image URLs or ManyToManyField to an Image table)
        *   `is_verified` (BooleanField, indicates if the review is from a completed booking)
        *   `provider_response` (TextField, nullable, allows provider to respond to review)
        *   `provider_response_date` (DateTimeField, nullable, timestamp of provider response)
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `booking` -> Booking (One review is for one booking)
        *   `service` -> Service (One review relates to one service)
        *   `provider` -> User (One review is about one provider)
        *   `client` -> User (One review is written by one client)

7.  Payment Table
    *   Purpose: Handles all payment transactions, including payments from customers to the platform/provider and potentially payouts from the platform to providers.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (UUIDField).
    *   Fields:
        *   `user` (ForeignKey to User) - The user associated with the payment (payer or receiver).
        *   `booking` (ForeignKey to Booking, nullable) - Links a payment to a specific booking transaction.
        *   `amount` (DecimalField)
        *   `currency` (CharField)
        *   `payment_method` (CharField, e.g., 'credit_card', 'paypal', 'stripe', 'payout')
        *   `status` (CharField with choices: e.g., 'pending', 'completed', 'failed', 'refunded', 'initiated')
        *   `metadata` (JSONField, stores additional transaction details from payment gateway)
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `user` -> User (The user involved in the payment)
        *   `booking` -> Booking (The booking this payment is for - optional as some payments might be payouts not directly tied to a single booking record in this way)

8.  Verification Table
    *   Purpose: Tracks the status and details of various verification processes for users, especially providers.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (Django's default auto-incrementing integer PK).
    *   Fields:
        *   `user` (ForeignKey to User) - The user undergoing verification.
        *   `type` (CharField, e.g., 'identity', 'address', 'professional', 'educational', 'background')
        *   `status` (CharField with choices: 'unverified', 'pending', 'inProgress', 'verified', 'rejected')
        *   `document_url` (URLField, link to stored verification document)
        *   `submission_date` (DateTimeField)
        *   `review_date` (DateTimeField, nullable)
        *   `reviewed_by` (ForeignKey to User, e.g., an admin user, nullable) - The admin who reviewed the verification.
        *   `rejection_reason` (TextField, nullable)
        *   `verification_notes` (TextField, nullable, internal notes)
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `user` -> User (The user whose verification this record is for)
        *   `reviewed_by` -> User (The admin user who processed the verification - optional)

9.  AISuggestion Table
    *   Purpose: Stores AI-generated suggestions for various platform actions, like bid amounts or scheduling.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (Django's default auto-incrementing integer PK).
    *   Fields:
        *   `user` (ForeignKey to User, the user who received or is associated with the suggestion)
        *   `type` (CharField, e.g., 'bid_amount', 'message', 'scheduling', 'comprehensive')
        *   `suggestion_details` (JSONField or TextField, the actual suggestion content)
        *   `confidence_score` (DecimalField)
        *   `is_used` (BooleanField, tracks if the user acted on the suggestion)
        *   `created_at` (DateTimeField)
        *   `context_bid` (ForeignKey to Bid, nullable) - Links suggestion to a specific bid context.
        *   `context_booking` (ForeignKey to Booking, nullable) - Links suggestion to a specific booking context.
        *   `context_service` (ForeignKey to Service, nullable) - Links suggestion to a specific service/request context.
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `user` -> User (The user related to the suggestion)
        *   `context_bid` -> Bid (Optional link to a bid)
        *   `context_booking` -> Booking (Optional link to a booking)
        *   `context_service` -> Service (Optional link to a service/request)

10. Product Table
    *   Purpose: Represents fixed-price products or smaller, standardized services offered by businesses, distinct from custom bids.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (Django's default auto-incrementing integer PK).
    *   Fields:
        *   `provider` (ForeignKey to User) - Links a product to the provider offering it.
        *   `name` (CharField)
        *   `description` (TextField)
        *   `price` (DecimalField)
        *   `rating` (DecimalField, calculated summary)
        *   `reviews_count` (IntegerField, count of associated reviews)
        *   `image` (ImageField or URLField)
        *   `category` (CharField or ForeignKey to ServiceCategory?)
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `provider` -> User (One product is offered by one provider)
        *   `category` -> ServiceCategory (Optional link if products share service categories)

11. ChatThread Table (Inferred from messaging features)
    *   Purpose: Represents a conversation thread between users.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (Django's default auto-incrementing integer PK or UUIDField).
    *   Fields:
        *   `created_at` (DateTimeField)
        *   `updated_at` (DateTimeField)
        *   `last_message` (ForeignKey to ChatMessage, nullable) - Links to the last message in the thread for quick display.
        *   `booking` (ForeignKey to Booking, nullable) - Links a chat thread to a specific booking if it's a booking-related chat.
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `last_message` -> ChatMessage (Optional link)
        *   `booking` -> Booking (Optional link)
        *   *Relationship:* ManyToManyField to User (A thread involves multiple users, a user can be in multiple threads). This is often managed via an intermediate "Membership" table implicitly by Django or explicitly defined.

12. ChatMessage Table (Inferred from messaging features)
    *   Purpose: Stores individual messages within chat threads.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (Django's default auto-incrementing integer PK or UUIDField).
    *   Fields:
        *   `thread` (ForeignKey to ChatThread) - Links a message to its conversation thread.
        *   `sender` (ForeignKey to User) - The user who sent the message.
        *   `content` (TextField) - The message text.
        *   `timestamp` (DateTimeField)
        *   `is_read` (BooleanField, default False)
        *   `image` (ImageField or URLField, nullable) - Supports sending images in messages.
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `thread` -> ChatThread (One message belongs to one thread)
        *   `sender` -> User (One message is sent by one user)

13. Notification Table (Inferred from notification features)
    *   Purpose: Stores notifications to be delivered to users.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (Django's default auto-incrementing integer PK or UUIDField).
    *   Fields:
        *   `user` (ForeignKey to User) - The recipient of the notification.
        *   `type` (CharField, e.g., 'new_bid', 'booking_confirmed', 'verification_status_update', 'new_message')
        *   `message` (TextField) - The notification text.
        *   `is_read` (BooleanField, default False)
        *   `created_at` (DateTimeField)
        *   `related_object_id` (UUIDField or IntegerField, nullable) - ID of the related object (e.g., Bid ID, Booking ID).
        *   `related_object_type` (CharField, e.g., 'Bid', 'Booking', 'Verification', 'ChatThread', nullable) - Type of the related object, used with `related_object_id` for deep linking.
    *   Foreign Keys:
        *   `user` -> User (The user receiving the notification)

14. Data Table (Inferred from static data mention)
    *   Purpose: Stores static platform data like service categories lists, carousel content, etc.. Could also be managed outside the DB, but a table offers central management.
    *   Primary Key: `id` (Django's default auto-incrementing integer PK).
    *   Fields:
        *   `categories_data` (JSONField, stores structured category data)
        *   `products_data` (JSONField, stores structured product data durgass/listings if not in Product table)
        *   `carousel_brands_data` (JSONField, stores data for promotional carousels)
        *   `updated_at` (DateTimeField)
    *   Foreign Keys: None.

How Tables are Connected:

The tables are primarily connected through Foreign Keys. A Foreign Key in one table points to the Primary Key of another table, establishing a relationship.

*   User is central, linked by Foreign Keys from Service (provider), Bid (bidder, provider), Booking (provider, client), Review (provider, client, reviewed_by), Payment (user), Verification (user, reviewed_by), AISuggestion (user), Product (provider), ChatThread (ManyToMany), ChatMessage (sender), and Notification (user). These are mostly One-to-Many relationships (e.g., one User can have many Services, one User can send many Messages), except for the ChatThread-User relationship which is Many-to-Many.
*   ServiceCategory is linked by a Foreign Key from Service, establishing a One-to-Many relationship (one category has many services). Optionally linked from Product.
*   Service is linked by Foreign Keys from Bid and Booking, indicating One-to-Many relationships (one service can have many bids, one service can have many bookings). Also linked from Review.
*   Bid can optionally be linked by a Foreign Key from Booking, representing a One-to-One or One-to-Many relationship depending on whether multiple bookings can originate from a single bid (unlikely in this context, probably One-to-One or One Bid to zero or one Booking).
*   Booking is linked by Foreign Keys from Review and Payment, establishing One-to-One (likely one review per booking, one primary payment per booking) or One-to-Many relationships (if multiple payments are needed, or if reviews can be edited). It's also linked from ChatThread.
*   Review is linked from no other core tables directly.
*   Payment is linked from no other core tables directly, except back to User and Booking.
*   Verification is linked from no other core tables directly, except back to User.
*   AISuggestion is linked from no other core tables directly, except back to User and optionally Bid, Booking, Service.
*   Product is linked from no other core tables directly, except back to User. Optionally linked from Review.
*   ChatThread is linked from ChatMessage (One-to-Many: one thread has many messages) and related back to User (ManyToMany).
*   ChatMessage is linked from no other core tables directly, except back to ChatThread and Sender (User).
*   Notification is linked from no other core tables directly, except back to User.
*   Data is linked from no other tables directly.

This structure provides a solid foundation for managing users, services, bids, bookings, payments, reviews, verifications, AI suggestions, products, and messaging within your Django backend, supporting the required application logic and user flows described in the sources.

So thick now, I started my project backend to complete it, which is running. So, how many AIs are required in this project?

That's great to hear your backend is up and running! Now, tackling the AI aspect is where the "smart" part of this service marketplace really comes to life.
When we talk about "how many AIs" in a project like this, it's not usually a count of distinct physical AI machines or servers. Instead, it refers more to the number of distinct AI functionalities, models, or integrated services that are required to power the intelligent features of the platform.
Based on the sources, AI is designed to be pervasive and deeply integrated throughout the Prbal App, not just a single feature. It's woven into various aspects to provide intelligent assistance to both users and providers.
While the sources don't give a specific count like "you need X number of AIs," they clearly outline the key areas where AI functionalities are required and integrated:
1. Smart Bidding & Pricing: AI is crucial for suggesting fair market wages/rates based on factors like skills, location, and demand. This often involves machine learning models trained on historical transaction data.
2. Best Match Algorithm: AI learns user preferences and recommends the most suitable providers or services. This typically involves matching algorithms and recommendation engines.
3. Verification Assistance: AI assists in processes like document validation, background checks, and fraud prevention. This could involve image recognition, data pattern analysis, and integration with third-party verification APIs.
4. Scheduling Optimization: AI finds optimal time slots, predicts delays, and helps prevent conflicts.
5. Personalization and Recommendations: AI adapts recommendations for services, courses, products, or providers to each user’s needs. This covers personalized recommendations across various service categories.
6. Analytics and Insights: AI can provide actionable insights to providers and customers (e.g., earnings, satisfaction, demand trends).
7. AI Property Search (Real Estate): AI powers smart filters, price prediction, and neighborhood analysis.
8. Marketing & Promotion Tools (Small Businesses): AI-driven tools can help with automated campaign generation, customer targeting, and ROI prediction.
To support these functionalities, the backend architecture specifically includes:
• An AISuggestionModel: This is a dedicated data model in your Django backend designed specifically to handle and track various types of AI-generated suggestions. It has fields to store suggestions like bid amount, message, duration, and schedule, as well as tracking features like confidenceScore and isUsed. This model manages the output of the AI processes.
• An AI Services Module/Microservice: The architecture suggests a specialized module or potentially a separate microservice dedicated to executing the AI logic. This component is where the actual AI models or algorithms for pricing, matching, etc., would reside and run. While it's mentioned that simpler AI logic can be integrated directly, complex or computationally intensive tasks (like smart bidding wage suggestions or complex matching) are recommended as separate microservices.
So, rather than a fixed "number of AIs," the project requires integration of AI capabilities across multiple core features. This will involve implementing the logic for these AI functionalities (potentially using Python libraries within Django or separate services) and utilizing the AISuggestionModel to store and manage the suggestions generated by these capabilities. The number of underlying AI models needed to power all these functionalities (e.g., one model for price suggestion, one for matching, etc.) isn't explicitly counted, but the areas where AI is applied are clearly defined.
Based on the sources and our conversation history, the Prbal project requires AI support for a wide array of functionalities across the platform, benefiting providers, customers, and administrators. However, the sources do not provide a specific number for how many "AI supports" are required. The concept of "AI support" is integrated into numerous features rather than being a countable, discrete entity.

The sources also do not mention "OpenRouter AI" specifically as the required or used AI platform [Source 1-196]. They indicate the need to integrate with external AI models or leverage cloud AI platforms for complex tasks.

Here's a breakdown of the areas where AI support is required in the backend for different user types:

AI Support Required for Providers (Service Providers):

AI is integrated to empower providers and streamline their operations. Key areas include:

*   Smart Bidding & Wage Suggestion: AI analyzes market trends, job requirements, provider skills, location, and historical data to suggest a fair wage or price when providers make bids. This is a core feature. The BidModel includes a field (`isAISuggested`) specifically for this.
*   Profile Matching: The "Smart Algorithm Matching" system helps suggest relevant job requests or customers to providers based on preferences and needs.
*   Scheduling Assistance: AI can assist providers in finding optimal time slots for bookings.
*   Analytics: AI potentially contributes to providing providers with actionable insights, such as earnings summaries or demand trends.
*   Small Business/Restaurant Tools: For providers operating as small businesses or restaurants, AI-driven features include marketing and promotional tools and assistance with order management like demand forecasting.
*   Service-Specific Assistance: AI is described for various labour categories to help with wage prediction, skill matching, safety compliance, and route planning.

AI Support Required for Customers (Service Seekers):

AI is designed to enhance the customer experience through personalization, convenience, and trust. Key areas include:

*   Getting Help: The platform aims to provide help "with AI assistance".
*   Smart Bidding/Price Review: When reviewing bids, customers can see the AI-suggested price alongside provider offers.
*   Service and Provider Discovery & Matching: AI is used for personalized service recommendations, recommending suitable providers, and the smart matching algorithm helps customers find relevant professionals. Dedicated API endpoints exist for recommendations.
*   Trust and Verification: AI assists in document validation, background checks, and fraud prevention, contributing to platform trust.
*   Scheduling Assistance: AI can help customers find optimal time slots for booking services.
*   Personalization: AI adapts recommendations for services or providers to each user’s unique needs and preferences.
*   Service-Specific Assistance: AI provides tailored support for numerous service categories:
    *   Household & Daily Needs: Smart troubleshooting (Electrician), leak detection, urgency assessment (Plumber), route optimization (Driver), scheduling (Cleaner), menu recommendations (Cook), task bundling (Errand Runner).
    *   Travel: AI-powered itinerary suggestions and local recommendations.
    *   Education: AI-curated online course recommendations.
    *   Real Estate: AI-powered property search, smart filters, price prediction, neighborhood analysis, virtual property tours, and AI-based recommendations. This supports the "No Brokers" feature.
    *   Relationship & Personal: Compatibility scoring, interest matching, safety verification.
    *   Other: Document analysis (Legal), automated troubleshooting, remote diagnostics (Tech Support), vendor matching (Event Planning), breed-specific care (Pet Care), personalized trainer matching (Fitness), health monitoring (Elderly Care), nanny matching (Childcare), route optimization (Delivery/Logistics).

AI Support Required for Admin:

While not as extensive as for providers and customers, AI supports administrative functions through:

*   Analytics & Reporting: AI can provide valuable insights into platform performance, user behavior, and market trends. The AISuggestionModel tracks metrics like `confidenceScore` and `isUsed`, which are valuable for monitoring and improving the AI and platform.
*   Verification Management: AI assists in the initial stages of the complex verification process, such as document validation and initial background checks, which admins oversee.

In summary, instead of a simple count, the sources describe AI as being deeply integrated across the platform to provide intelligent assistance in numerous areas for all main user types. The backend architecture is designed to accommodate these AI functionalities through dedicated endpoints and potential integration with external AI services. The exact "number" of AI supports would depend on the specific implementation details of each feature, but the *scope* of AI integration is broad and fundamental to the Prbal concept.
1. Service Providers
Profile & Service Optimization
Service Description Enhancement: AI to suggest improvements to service descriptions for better searchability and conversion
Portfolio Optimization: Analyze and suggest improvements for their portfolio content
Category & Tag Recommendation: Suggest optimal service categories and tags based on service description
Service Attribute Recommendations: Suggest duration, effort level, and other attributes based on similar services
Pricing Intelligence
Dynamic Pricing Suggestions: Analyze market data to suggest optimal pricing for services
Seasonal Pricing Adjustments: Recommend price changes based on seasonal demand patterns
Competitive Analysis: Compare with similar services to suggest price positioning
Value-Based Pricing: Suggest pricing based on perceived value metrics
Bidding Support
Smart Bid Amount Calculator: Suggest optimal bid amounts based on service complexity, client history, and market conditions
Bid Response Templates: Generate personalized response templates for bid requests
Win Probability Predictor: Calculate likelihood of winning a bid at different price points
Counter-Offer Suggestions: Recommend counter-offer strategies when negotiating
Scheduling Optimization
Availability Optimization: Suggest optimal availability slots based on historical booking patterns
Schedule Balancing: Recommend schedule adjustments to optimize work-life balance
Time Management: Suggest service duration adjustments based on actual completion times
Performance Analytics
Service Performance Insights: Provide AI-driven insights on service performance and improvement areas
Client Relationship Analysis: Analyze client interactions to suggest relationship improvement strategies
Review Response Templates: Generate personalized response templates for client reviews
Service Enhancement Recommendations: Suggest additional features or improvements based on reviews
2. Service Takers (Clients)
Service Discovery
Personalized Service Recommendations: Suggest services based on user's past bookings and preferences
Need-Based Suggestions: Analyze user's requirements to suggest appropriate service categories
Alternative Service Suggestions: Recommend similar services at different price points
Bundle Recommendations: Suggest complementary services that work well together
Provider Selection
Provider Matching: Match clients with providers based on compatibility factors
Provider Comparison: AI-driven comparison of potential service providers
Trust Signal Analysis: Highlight relevant trust factors for each recommended provider
Budget Planning
Budget Optimization: Suggest how to allocate budget across different required services
Cost Saving Opportunities: Identify potential savings through timing, bundling, or alternative services
Value Assessment: Analyze price-to-quality ratio for service selection decisions
Scheduling Assistant
Optimal Booking Time Suggestions: Recommend booking times based on provider availability and user preferences
Schedule Conflict Resolution: Detect and suggest solutions for scheduling conflicts
Reminders & Preparation: Smart preparation reminders based on service type
Post-Service Support
Review Assistance: Generate personalized review templates based on service experience
Issue Resolution Suggestions: Recommend approaches for resolving service issues
Rebooking Recommendations: Suggest optimal rebooking times for recurring services
3. Platform Administrators
Marketplace Optimization
Category Structure Optimization: Suggest improvements to service category organization
Trending Service Detection: Identify emerging service trends for platform focus
Pricing Band Recommendations: Suggest pricing bands for new service categories
Quality Control: Flag potentially problematic services or providers for review
User Experience Enhancement
Onboarding Flow Optimization: Analyze user drop-off points and suggest improvements
Feature Usage Analysis: Identify underutilized features and suggest promotion strategies
User Segment Analysis: Discover and characterize user segments for targeted features
Content Moderation
Automated Content Review: AI-driven review of service descriptions and images
Fraud Detection: Identify potential fraudulent activities or listings
Quality Scoring: Automatically score and flag service listings for quality
Platform Analytics
Performance Prediction: Forecast platform metrics based on current trends
A/B Test Analysis: Analyze results of platform experiments with AI insights
User Retention Modeling: Identify at-risk users and suggest retention strategies
Technical Implementation Considerations
Integration with Existing AI Components
Extend the current AISuggestion model to support these new suggestion types
Enhance the AIFeedbackLog for more granular tracking of AI suggestion effectiveness
Data Pipeline Requirements
Implement data collection pipelines for relevant user behaviors
Set up preprocessing workflows for raw data transformation
Establish feedback loops for continuous model improvement
Model Selection Strategy
Determine which capabilities require custom models vs. API-based solutions
Plan for model versioning and performance monitoring
Establish evaluation metrics for each AI capability
Privacy and Security Considerations
Implement data anonymization for sensitive user information
Create tiered access controls for AI-generated insights
Establish clear data retention policies for training data

Based on the provided sources, here are the details regarding the backend handling of ServiceCategory, ServiceSubCategory, and Service for the Prbal app:

Service Category (Backend)

The sources explicitly define a backend model for Service Categories as part of the Django REST API architecture.

*   Model Name: `ServiceCategory`.
*   Location: This model is intended to be located in `prbal_backend/apps/services/models.py`.
*   Purpose: To manage predefined service categories that services belong to. The `Service` model has a ForeignKey relationship to `ServiceCategory`. Service categories are part of the static data and structure of the app.
*   Fields: The defined fields for the `ServiceCategory` model are:
    *   `name`: A CharField with a maximum length of 100 characters. This stores the name of the category.
    *   `icon`: A CharField with a maximum length of 50 characters. This would store a reference to an icon associated with the category.
*   Backend Functions/APIs: The backend provides API endpoints for interacting with service categories:
    *   `GET /api/v1/services/categories/`: Fetches a list of all predefined service categories.
    *   `GET /api/categories/`: Lists all categories.
    *   `GET /api/categories/{id}/`: Gets the details of a specific category.
    *   Admin Management: Administrators can manage service categories via content management functions, likely through the Django Admin interface or a dedicated panel. The data is derived from the `Data Model`.

Service SubCategory (Backend)

The sources do not define a separate backend model explicitly named `ServiceSubCategory`. Instead, subcategory information is handled in the following ways:

*   As a field in the `Service` model: The `Service` model includes a field named `subcategories`, defined as a `JSONField`. This field allows for storing multiple subcategories associated with a specific service listing.
*   As part of the static `Data Model`: The `Data Model` contains static data, including "service categories and subcategories". This suggests the overall structure and list of available subcategories are defined in this static data, possibly managed via backend settings, fixtures, or a dedicated `static_data` app.
*   Admin Management: Administrators can manage service subcategories via content management functions, likely as part of managing the static data structure.

Based on the sources, there is no dedicated backend model just for subcategories; they are stored within the `Service` model and defined within static data.

Service (Backend)

The sources explicitly define a backend model for Services as part of the Django REST API architecture.

*   Model Name: `Service` (referred to as `ServiceModel` in other contexts).
*   Location: This model is intended to be located in `prbal_backend/apps/services/models.py`.
*   Purpose: Represents services offered by professionals on the platform. It is a core entity managed by the Service Management System component.
*   Fields: The defined fields for the `Service` model are:
    *   `id`: A UUIDField.
    *   `category`: A ForeignKey to `ServiceCategory`, with `on_delete=models.PROTECT`. This links the service to a specific category.
    *   `provider`: A ForeignKey to `User`, with `on_delete=models.CASCADE`. Also referred to as `providerId`. This links the service to the professional offering it.
    *   `title`: A CharField with a maximum length of 200 characters. Also referred to as `name`. This stores the service name or title.
    *   `description`: A TextField. Also mentioned as `description`. This stores a detailed description of the service.
    *   `base_price`: A DecimalField with `max_digits=10` and `decimal_places=2`. Also referred to as `hourlyRate`. This represents the base price or hourly rate.
    *   `location`: A PointField, implying the use of GeoDjango for spatial data. Also mentioned as `location`. This stores the geographical location relevant to the service.
    *   `availability`: A JSONField. Also mentioned as `availability`. This stores available time slots or schedules.
    *   `subcategories`: A JSONField. Supports multiple subcategories for the service.
    *   `tags`: A JSONField.
    *   `pricingOptions`: A JSONField. Allows for flexible pricing options beyond just the base rate.
    *   `minHours`: An IntegerField.
    *   `maxHours`: An IntegerField.
    *   `images`: A JSONField (or potentially a ManyToManyField to an Image model). Also mentioned as `images`. Stores references to images associated with the service.
    *   `requiredTools`: A JSONField. Lists tools required for the service.
*   Backend Functions/APIs: The backend provides API endpoints for managing and retrieving services:
    *   `GET /api/v1/services/`: Lists all available services. Supports search and filtering parameters like `category`, `location`, and `search`.
    *   `POST /api/v1/services/`: Creates a new service listing. Requires authentication.
    *   `GET /api/v1/services/{id}/`: Retrieves details of a specific service.
    *   `PUT /api/v1/services/{id}/`: Updates a specific service listing. Requires authentication.
    *   `DELETE /api/v1/services/{id}/`: Deletes a specific service listing. Requires authentication.
    *   `GET /api/services/nearby/`: Finds services near a user's location, likely requiring latitude, longitude, and radius parameters.
    *   `GET /api/sync/services/`: Downloads available services, likely for offline use and caching on the frontend.
    *   `GET /api/admin/services/`: Lists all services, accessible only to administrators.
    *   Service Listing Creation/Management: Handled by views in the `services/` app.
*   Related Components: Services are integral to the Smart Matching algorithm, Bidding system, Booking system, and Location-based discovery.



Context:
Your project contains Python files for provider, customer, and admin roles. The existing Postman collection (`Authentication.postman_collection.json`) lists implemented APIs, but it needs comprehensive validation and enhancement. Specifically, the Authentication module may have missing or incomplete endpoints.

Expert Persona:
You are a backend API and documentation specialist with extensive experience in Python web services and maintaining Postman API collections. You excel at validating API functionality, structuring documentation, and ensuring all endpoints are accurately captured.

Task:

1. Review all Python files to extract every Authentication-related API endpoint implemented but not yet documented.
2. For each endpoint already in the Postman collection:

   * Execute its `curl` command and mark it with ✅ if it succeeds or ❌ if it fails.
   * Provide a sample output response for each command.
   * Prefix the endpoint or heading in the collection with ✅ or ❌ to indicate its completion status.
3. For any endpoint marked ❌, validate the request individually, explain why it failed, and suggest corrections.
4. Expand the Table of Contents by adding clear, organized headings under Authentication (and any related subsections).
5. Add, one by one, all missing Authentication endpoints to `Authentication.postman_collection.json`, including for each:

   * HTTP method
   * Route path
   * Brief description of functionality
   * durgas request body (if applicable)
   * durgas response body
   * Validation status (✅ or ❌) with explanation for any ❌

Output:
An updated `Authentication.postman_collection.json` file containing:

* ✅/❌ prefixes on all Authentication headings and endpoints (indicating completion status)
* Sample output responses for each `curl` command
* Explanations for any requests marked ❌
* An expanded, well-organized Table of Contents covering all Authentication endpoints
* All missing Authentication-related endpoints added with full details and validated curl commands
  Ensure the final collection is comprehensive, accurate, and ready for developer use.

graph TB
    subgraph "App Initialization"
        A[main.dart] --> B[Firebase.initializeApp]
        A --> C[HiveService.initialize]
        A --> D[SharedPreferences]
        A --> E[LocalizationService]
    end

    subgraph "Authentication Architecture"
        F[AuthService] --> G[FirebaseService]
        F --> H[PhoneAuthService]
        F --> I[OtpService]
        F --> J[HiveService]
        
        G --> K[Firebase Auth]
        G --> L[Cloud Firestore]
        
        H --> K
        I --> M[In-Memory OTP Storage]
        J --> N[Local Hive Storage]
    end

    subgraph "Authentication Flow"
        O[SplashScreen] --> P{Intro Watched?}
        P -->|No| Q[OnboardingScreen]
        P -->|Yes| R{User Logged In?}
        
        Q --> S[SetIntroWatched<br/>true]
        S --> T[WelcomeScreen]
        
        R -->|No| T
        R -->|Yes| U[Home/Dashboard]
        
        T --> V[PhoneLoginBottomSheet]
        V --> W[Phone Number Input]
        W --> X[Firebase Phone Verification]
        X --> Y[OtpVerificationScreen]
        Y --> Z[OTP Input & Verification]
        Z --> AA[User Creation/Login]
        AA --> BB[Save User Data]
        BB --> CC[Update Local Storage]
        CC --> U
    end

    subgraph "State Management"
        DD[Riverpod Providers] --> EE[authServiceProvider]
        DD --> FF[currentUserProvider]
        DD --> GG[localUserDataProvider]
        DD --> HH[userTypeProvider]
        
        EE --> F
        FF --> II[StateProvider<br/>UserModel?]
        GG --> JJ[Hive.getUser<br/>]
        HH --> KK[StateProvider<br/>UserType?]
    end

    subgraph "User Models & Data"
        LL[UserModel] --> MM[HiveType typeId: 0]
        LL --> NN[Firestore Document]
        LL --> OO[JSON Serializable]
        
        PP[UserType] --> QQ[Provider/Taker Enum]
        
        RR[Authentication Fields]
        RR --> SS[isVerified]
        RR --> TT[isEmailVerified]
        RR --> UU[isPhoneVerified]
    end

    subgraph "Storage Layer"
        VV[Firebase Firestore] --> WW[users collection]
        XX[Hive Local Storage] --> YY[user_box]
        XX --> ZZ[cache_box]
        XX --> AAA[settings_box]
        
        ZZ --> BBB[intro_watched]
        ZZ --> CCC[is_logged_in]
    end

    style A fill:#e1f5fe
    style F fill:#f3e5f5
    style O fill:#e8f5e8
    style DD fill:#fff3e0
    style LL fill:#fce4ec
    style VV fill:#e0f2f1